# Shakespearean Insults and How to Categorize Them

When first trying to categorize insults, we had to create a broad definition and narrow it down. The definition that we setteled on is, "Any from of deragatory, abuseive, or disrespectful remark and/or action.

Initially, we were going to include actions in the insults that we were going to mark and categorize, which can be seen in our original methodology document on GitHub, but, because this is largely a linguistics study, decided to leave them out.

This left us with only the remarks that were mentioned in our definition above. We have decided on five main categories of insult from which others may stem. 

First, is name calling. This is when one character says to another something that harms or is meant to harm their personal image or feelings. Second, we have personal attack. This started as being any time an attribute of a character was compared with something worse, but also includes general deragatory statements that we find in modern explicit insults. Third are insults on sexuality and gender. These include times when a character's general abilities or image is compared to the opposite sex in a deragatory way. This is a good time to mention that, often, most of these insults are at the discretion of the reader and what we found might not be waht any other reader(s) would find. Nonetheless, we attempted to be impartial and with a group of ~5 people, we believe most of our insults and what we left out are justified. Fourth in our list is a backhanded compliment. These are compliments that aren't actually paraises, but show that the speaker expected far less than what the character was capable of, and thus, could be interpreted as attacking that person. Finally, we have slander. This is any form of disparaging, belittling, or diminishing speak about someone to another other than those being insulted. 

These insults do not necessarily have to appear in any speech or line, but they may also occur simultaneously. We took this into account whilst doing our document analysis and those that needed more than one insult have been assigned them. These insults, when assigned, were only assigned in the order as they have just been described to you, and thus, there is no primary insult type for any that contains multiple. 
