# 10/06/21 Meeting Minutes

- Discussed broad preliminary research questions - our current options are as follows:
  - General
    1. How does the relationship between the “insulter” and “insulted” impact an insult?
    2. What makes a good insult?
    3. What does a “villainous” insult consist of?
    4. How do insults different between comedies and tragedies?
  - Linguistic Focus
    1. What linguistic components make up a “Shakespearean” insult?
    2. Are there commonalities between the morphological constituents in Shakespeare’s insults? 
   Do they vary between Shakespeare’s comedies and tragedies?
- Selected plays to focus on for our project, and decided that an appropriate number is 4;
the plays we will be using are Othello, Hamlet, The Comedy of Errors, and A Midsummer Night’s Dream
- Discussed potential resources for our project (https://shakespeare.folger.edu/, https://wordhoard.northwestern.edu/userman/other-files/, 
http://metalab.unc.edu/bosak/xml/eg/shaks200.zip,
or https://github.com/severdia/PlayShakespeare.com-XML/tree/master/playshakespeare_editions ); our final
selection was the Wordhoard version, because it is tokenized and relatively simple to interpret
- Discussed what defines an insult* - does it always have to be “offensive/cruel”? 
Ideas: “naming” someone in an offensive way, saying that someone is incapable/comparing their skills to something negative
- Decided that each group member will mark-up two plays. This will be done in two phases: in the initial (insult-focused)
phase of mark-up Dillon will work on comedies and Mason will work on tragedies, and in the second (linguistic-focused) 
phase phase of mark-up Naiya and Emily will add linguistic mark-up to the files**
- We plan not to use TEI, however we may incorporate some features based off of TEI in our project
- Insult bot!!
- Reviewed our tasks for the next meeting:
  1. Emily will be pushing the XML files for our selected plays onto our project’s github repo 
  2. Mason and Dillon will meet to discuss the methods they would like to use to mark-up insults, and formally report 
  a) their working definition of an insult, and b) plans for what steps to undergo when marking-up insults*
  3. Caroline and Naiya will begin planning to meet with Narae Han to discuss whether research questions meet the linguistics 
  major “Methods” requirements when possible
- Future Tasks:
  1. Emily and Naiya will work toward a tentative basic schema and website page planning (basic layout, features the website may have, etc. 
  No color scheme planning so Dillon is not grumpy)
  2. Emily and Naiya will begin tentatively planning their procedures for mark-up of linguistic features, and divide the poems up between them** 
  (may have to be after meeting with Professor Narae Han)

****

# Project Update 10/08

This week we solidified our decisions on what source we will pull our base-XMLs from, 
what plays we will be marking-up, and who will be responsible for mark-up of each 
document. As our group has to incorporate some linguistic features into our project, 
we figured that the easiest way to divide our responsibilities is to have our group 
members who aren’t familiar with linguistics do an initial phase primarily consisting 
of mark-up focusing on finding all of the insults in our works, and our other members 
will be doing linguistics-focused mark-up once that first phase is complete. For 
phase-1 mark-up, we are currently thinking of having Dillon do the comedies and Mason 
do the tragedies. We discussed in our meeting that this may create an unevenness in 
our work in the sense that each member is only working on one type of play, however we 
also thought that this may have advantages because it could mean that by the second 
play they are familiar with how to find the insults that it contains a bit more easily.. 
If anyone has input on this feel free to let us know!
	We also did some planning for next week in our meeting;  our goals are as follows:
- have formulated a set of “steps” for marking-up insults (Dillon and Mason)
- push our XML files to our github repo (Emily)
- have met with/have a date and time to meet with Narae Han to check-in about our linguistics-focused research questions (Naiya)
