<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Shakespeare's Slights</title>

    </head>
    <body class="about">
        <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
        <h1 class="subTitle">About</h1>
        <!-- drop this down in the CSS -->
        <div class="text-box">
            <h2 class="aboutSub">Shakespeare</h2>
            <p>William Shakespeare was a famous English playwright who was mostly prolific during
                the mid-to-late 1500s. Though he's mostly known for his plays, he also wrote
                numerous poems that reached worldwide recognition. Though his work was extremely
                varied, he did not seem to favor one genre over another. He wrote a near equal
                amount of each play, whether it be romance, comedy, or tragedy.</p>
            <p>It's said that only around half of his plays were actually saved after his death,
                thanks to a group of actors that participated in his productions.</p>
            <p>Shakespeare's style is commonly known as "unrhymed iambic pentameter," or blank
                verse. In laymans terms, this means that each verse consisted of one short syllable,
                followed by a stressed syllable, and it did not typically rhyme.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="text-box">
            <h2 class="aboutSub">Insults Methods</h2>
            <p>Insults are commonly defined as a way to speak or treat (someone) with disrespect or
                scornful abuse. When taking this into account, our group decided to focus only on
                the spoken insult. Spoken insults always have some base attribute to them, and thus
                we decided to categorize them appropriately into one or more of several different
                aspects. Each insult has a root "type," detailed below.</p>
            <section class="insultDetails">
                <h3>Name Calling</h3>
                <p>The act of calling someone something that they are not with intent to harm their
                    personal image.</p>
                <p>Ex. "Thou are a pig."</p>
                <h3>Personal Attack</h3>
                <p>The act of comparing an attribute of someones character or skill to that of
                    something far worse or lacking.</p>
                <p>Ex. "Thine sword skills are like those of a child."</p>
                <h3>Insult on Sexuality or Gender</h3>
                <p>An attack on someone due to their gender or sexuality, or a comparison to the
                    opposite gender with malicious intent.</p>
                <p>Ex. "Thou throw like a girl."</p>
                <h3>Backhanded Compliment</h3>
                <p>Intending to compliment someone, but doing so in such a way as to show that the
                    held belief of them was disrespectful or negative.</p>
                <p>Ex. "Thine dress blesses my eyes with a thinner sight."</p>
                <h3>Slander</h3>
                <p>Any form of disparaging, belittling, or diminishing speak about someone to
                    another other than those being insulted.</p>
                <p>Ex. "Hamlet has been having affairs with the court cur."</p>
            </section>
        </div>
        <div class="text-box">
            <h2 class="aboutSub">Linguistic Methods</h2>
            <p>This section details how any given "insult" is defined, in a technical fashion.</p>
            <section class="insultDetails">
                <!-- Yes I konw it says insultDetails just deal with it the formatting is the same -->
                <!-- Throw something in the CSS to create a subheader that's slightly smaller than h3, but bigger than h4. It would be like <p class="notH3">Types of Relationships</p> -->
                <!-- Start of new h4 -->
                <h3>Gender</h3>
                <p>Do gender differences have any impact on insults?</p>
                <p><strong>Male to male</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>A man insulting a man.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Male to female</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>A man insulting a woman.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Female to female</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>A woman insulting a woman.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Female to male</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>A woman insulting a man.</li>
                </ul>
                <!-- Start of new h4 -->
                <h3>Relationship</h3>
                <p>Does the relationship between the characters have any bearing on the insult?</p>
                <p><strong>Parent to child</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>When a parent insults their child</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Child to parent</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>When a child insults their parent.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Sibling to sibling</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>When a sibling insults another sibling.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Friend to friend</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>When a friend insults a friend.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Couple to couple</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>When there is an insult amongst a couple.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Acquantance to acquantance</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>When an acquantance insults another acquantance.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Self</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>In the case where someone mocks themself.</li>
                </ul>
                <!-- Start of new h4 -->
                <h3>State of Relationships</h3>
                <p>Are the characters friends, enemies, or indifferent towards each other?</p>
                <p><strong>Negative</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>There is animostiy between the insulter and insultee.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Positive</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>There is goodwill between the insulter and the insultee.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Neutral</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>The insulter and insultee have either just met or have no relationship between them.</li>
                </ul>
                <!-- Add some CSS for a box that explains this more in depth, maybe a popup box or something -->
                <!-- Throw something in the CSS to create a subheader that's slightly smaller than h3, but bigger than h4. It would be like <p class="notH3">Types of Linguistic Features</p> -->
                <!-- Start of new h4 -->
                <h3>Speech Acts</h3>
                <p>Is there a hidden meaning behind what was said and what was conveyed?</p>
                <p><strong>Direct</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>There is a direct correlation between the form and meaning of the utterance.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Indirect</strong></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>There is no direct correlation between the form and meaning of the utterance.</li>
                </ul>
                <p><strong>Illocutionary acts</strong></p>
                <p>Illocutionary acts are acts where there is more meaning than is directly stated. They are inherently indirect.</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Representative
                        <ul>
                            <li>Representing a state.<br/>i.e. Suggesting, stating, describing</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>Directive
                        <ul>
                            <li>Instruct the listener to take an action.<br/>i.e. Commanding, challenging</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>Commissive
                        <ul>
                            <li>Speaker commits to taking a future action.<br/>i.e. Promising, threatening</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>Expressive
                        <ul>
                            <li>Express the speaker's mental state in relation to a state.<br/>i.e. Thanking, welcoming, apologizing</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>Declarative
                        <ul>
                            <li>To bring the state being referenced into reality.<br/>i.e. Blessing, baptizing, sentencing</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <!-- Start of new h4 -->
                <h3>Grice's Maxims</h3>
                <p>Is there an underlying meaning or are the typical rules of conversation being
                    violated for the insult to be implied? These are also inherently indirect.</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Quality
                        <ul>
                            <li>To give the most accurate information possible.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>Quantity
                        <ul>
                            <li>To give the most appropriate amount of information possible.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>Relevance
                        <ul>
                            <li>To give the most relevant information possible.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>Manner
                        <ul>
                            <li>To give the most clear, concise, and organization information as possible -- avoiding all ambiguity.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </section>
        </div>
        <div class="text-box">
            <h2 class="aboutSub">Sources</h2>
            <h3>Our Project</h3>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/EmilyMartin42/Shakespearean_Insults">Our GitHub
                        repository</a></li>
            </ul>
            <h3>Linguistic References</h3>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="http://www.erasmuslawreview.nl/tijdschrift/ELR/2015/3/ELR-D-15-003_005"
                        >A paper</a> that looks at speech acts and insults.</li>
                <li><a href="https://www.shakespeareswords.com/Public/Glossary.aspx?id=11282">A
                        glossary</a> of Shakespearean words along with their meanings during the
                    time of writing.</li>
                <li>An <a href="https://www.sas.upenn.edu/~haroldfs/dravling/grice.html">inclusive
                        definition</a> of Grices Maxims.</li>
            </ul>
            <h3>Insult References</h3>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="#">Something</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <!--#include virtual="footer.xhtml" -->
    </body>
</html>
