<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
   <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css" />
   <title>Shakespeare's Slights</title>
</head>

<body class="analysis">
   <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml"-->
   <h2 class="subTitle">Analysis</h2>
   <div class="text-box">
      <p> Below is our analysis and overall findings. Because we looked at so many
         different factors not all of them can be explored in detail here however,
         through careful examination we were able to pull out the factors we thought
         were the most useful for answering our four sub-research questions.
      </p>
      <ol class="list">
         <li>Do the other features influence insult type? Specifically, is there
            any correlation between insult count and insult type to play genre
            (tragedy vs comedy)</li>
         <li>Is there a correlation between type of relationship and relationship
            status (i.e is there animosity or not) and does the state of the
            relationship lend to distinct insult types?</li>
         <li>In order to convey to the insultee that they are indeed being
            insulted is there a particular maxim that is most often flouted? Is
            there any correlation between maxim flouted and illocutionary speech
            act type?</li>
         <li>Is there a correlation between the gender of the speaker and the
            type of speech act (direct vs. indirect)? Are there certain
            combinations of gender between speaker and hearer that lead to a
            particular type of speech act and does it effect the direct vs
            indirectness of the speech act?</li>
      </ol>
   </div>
   <h3 class="subTitle">Insult type</h3>
   <div class="text-box">
      <p class="analysis">Does play genre have any influence on insult type? This plot
         shows the differences in the insult types between comedies and
         tragedies.</p>
      <div class="image-container">
         <!--#include virtual="images/ins_typeXgenre-djb.svg"-->
      </div>
      <h3>Total insult counts between genres</h3>
      <p class="analysis">Between the two tragedies there were a total of: 111 insults and between the two
         comedies there are a total of 118 insults</p><br />
      <h3 class="analysis">Our initial thoughts</h3>
      <p class="analysis">Right off the bat there does not seem to be a very meaningful difference between the
         total insult counts between plays, in fact the counts differ by
         only a few insults. However, there is more of a difference when we look at the insult
         type between genres. The most common type, in very even counts for
         both is name call, followed by personal attack and a combination of the two. These
         three make up the vast majority of insult types in the tragedies, while
         insult types in the comedies are most spread out. There are even 6 types that fail
         to appear in the tragedies altogether.</p>
   </div>
   <h3 class="subTitle">Relationship state and insult type</h3>
   <div class="text-box">
      <p class="analysis">What effect do different types of relationships have on the state of those
         relationships?</p>
      <div class="image-container">
         <!--#include virtual="images/rel_state.svg"-->
      </div>
      <h3 class="analysis">Our initial thoughts</h3>
      <p class="analysis">The majority of the insults are given between people who have a negative relationship
         state. The only positive relationship states are between
         parents and their child, friends to friends and spouses. The state between acquaintances
         is almost evenly split between neutral and negative while
         siblings to siblings and childen to parents are entirely negative. Note that self
         does not have any relationship state, because while we found it
         a useful tag it did not fall into scope for this research question as relationship
         state was mainly a guage of animosty between characters and
         therefore it would not have been meaningful to examine self.</p>
   </div>
   <h3 class="subTitle">Speech acts and Gricean maxims</h3>
   <div class="text-box">
      <p class="analysis">Is there a particular maxim that is most often flouted and
         does it co-occur with any illocutionary acts in particular?</p>
      <div class="image-container">
         <!--#include virtual="images/maximXilloc.svg"-->
      </div>
      <h3 class="analysis">Our initial thoughts</h3>
      <p class="analysis">As seen on the graph, representative illocutionary speech acts made up the majority
         of all illoctionary act types, with the major intersection
         between it and the maxim of manner. The maxim of quality comes next in terms of overall
         counts, with relevance following. Many other intersections have few to no counts.</p>
   </div>
   <h3 class="subTitle">Gender and speech acts</h3>
   <div class="text-box">
      <p class="analysis">Does the gender of either the speaker or the listener have an impact on the
         indirect versus directness of the speech act?</p>
      <div class="image-container">
         <!--#include virtual="images/genderXspeechAct.svg"-->
      </div>
      <h3 class="aanalysis">Our initial thoughts</h3>
      <p class="analysis">Right off the bat we can see that insults between male characters are by far the most
         common, with insults between female characters being by far
         the lowest represented category. There does not appear to be a favored speech act
         type between direct and indirect, with a count of 105 and 104 respectively.
         Interestingly, however, while there does not appear to be a correlation between insulter
         and speech act type, when the insultee is female the speech
         acts are more often indirect, regardless of the gender of the insulter. The same trend
         applies in reverse with direct speech acts being more common
         toward male insultees regardless of the gender of the insulter.</p>
   </div>
   <!--#include virtual="footer.xhtml"-->
</body>

</html>