<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:sha="http://insults.obdurodon.org">
   <head>
      <title>The Comedy of Errors
 Reading View</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css"/>
   </head>
   <body class="corp"><!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml"-->
      <div class="pagination"><a href="hamReading.xhtml">Hamlet</a><a href="othReading.xhtml">Othello</a><a href="mndReading.xhtml">A Midsummer Night's Dream</a><a class="active" href="coeReading.xhtml">The Comedy of Errors</a></div>
      <h1 id="mainTitle">The Comedy of Errors</h1>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A hall in the DUKE'S palace.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter DUKE, AEGEON, Gaoler, Officers, and other Attendants.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Proceed, Solinus, to procure my fall</p>
         <p>And by the doom of death end woes and all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Merchant of Syracuse, plead no more;</p>
         <p>I am not partial to infringe our laws:</p>
         <p>The enmity and discord which of late</p>
         <p>Sprung from the rancorous outrage of your duke</p>
         <p>To merchants, our well-dealing countrymen,</p>
         <p>Who wanting guilders to redeem their lives</p>
         <p>Have sealed his rigorous statutes with their bloods,</p>
         <p>Excludes all pity from our threatening looks.</p>
         <p>For, since the mortal and intestine jars</p>
         <p>'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us,</p>
         <p>It hath in solemn synods been decreed,</p>
         <p>Both by the Syracusians and ourselves,</p>
         <p>To admit no traffic to our adverse towns:</p>
         <p>Nay, more,</p>
         <p>If any born at Ephesus be seen</p>
         <p>At any Syracusian marts and fairs;</p>
         <p>Again: if any Syracusian born</p>
         <p>Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies,</p>
         <p>His goods confiscate to the duke's dispose,</p>
         <p>Unless a thousand marks be levied,</p>
         <p>To quit the penalty and to ransom him.</p>
         <p>Thy substance, valued at the highest rate,</p>
         <p>Cannot amount unto a hundred marks;</p>
         <p>Therefore by law thou art condemned to die.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Yet this my comfort: when your words are done,</p>
         <p>My woes end likewise with the evening sun.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Well, Syracusian, say in brief the cause</p>
         <p>Why thou departed'st from thy native home</p>
         <p>And for what cause thou camest to Ephesus,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>A heavier task could not have been imposed</p>
         <p>Than I to speak my griefs unspeakable:</p>
         <p>Yet, that the world may witness that my end</p>
         <p>Was wrought by nature, not by vile offence,</p>
         <p>I'll utter what my sorrow gives me leave.</p>
         <p>In Syracusa was I born, and wed</p>
         <p>Unto a woman, happy but for me,</p>
         <p>And by me, had not our hap been bad.</p>
         <p>With her I lived in joy; our wealth increased</p>
         <p>By prosperous voyages I often made</p>
         <p>To Epidamnum; till my factor's death</p>
         <p>And the great care of goods at random left</p>
         <p>Drew me from kind embracements of my spouse:</p>
         <p>From whom my absence was not six months old</p>
         <p>Before herself, almost at fainting under</p>
         <p>The pleasing punishment that women bear,</p>
         <p>Had made provision for her following me</p>
         <p>And soon and safe arrived where I was.</p>
         <p>There had she not been long but she became</p>
         <p>A joyful mother of two goodly sons;</p>
         <p>And, which was strange, the one so like the other</p>
         <p>As could not be distinguished but by names.</p>
         <p>That very hour, and in the selfsame inn,</p>
         <p>&lt;insultStart insType ="nameCall sexGen"/&gt; This seems more like relating facts than
            insulting - mean equaled poor A mean woman was delivered &lt;insultEnd/&gt;</p>
         <p>Of such a burden, male twins, both alike:</p>
         <p>Those, — for their parents were exceeding poor, —</p>
         <p>I bought and brought up to attend my sons.</p>
         <p>My wife, not meanly proud of two such boys,</p>
         <p>Made daily motions for our home return:</p>
         <p>Unwilling I agreed; alas! too soon,</p>
         <p>We came aboard.</p>
         <p>A league from Epidamnum had we sailed,</p>
         <p>Before the always-wind-obeying deep</p>
         <p>Gave any tragic instance of our harm:</p>
         <p>But longer did we not retain much hope;</p>
         <p>For what obscured light the heavens did grant</p>
         <p>Did but convey unto our fearful minds</p>
         <p>A doubtful warrant of immediate death;</p>
         <p>Which though myself would gladly have embraced,</p>
         <p>Yet the incessant weepings of my wife,</p>
         <p>Weeping before for what she saw must come,</p>
         <p>And piteous plainings of the pretty babes,</p>
         <p>That mourned for fashion, ignorant what to fear,</p>
         <p>Forced me to seek delays for them and me.</p>
         <p>And this it was, for other means was none:</p>
         <p>The sailors sought for safety by our boat,</p>
         <p>And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us:</p>
         <p>My wife, more careful for the latter-born,</p>
         <p>Had fastened him unto a small spare mast,</p>
         <p>Such as seafaring men provide for storms;</p>
         <p>To him one of the other twins was bound,</p>
         <p>Whilst I had been like heedful of the other:</p>
         <p>The children thus disposed, my wife and I,</p>
         <p>Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fixed,</p>
         <p>Fastened ourselves at either end the mast;</p>
         <p>And floating straight, obedient to the stream,</p>
         <p>Was carried towards Corinth, as we thought.</p>
         <p>At length the sun, gazing upon the earth,</p>
         <p>Dispersed those vapours that offended us;</p>
         <p>And, by the benefit of his wished light,</p>
         <p>The seas waxed calm, and we discovered</p>
         <p>Two ships from far making amain to us,</p>
         <p>Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this:</p>
         <p>But ere they came, — O, let me say no more!</p>
         <p>Gather the sequel by that went before.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Nay, forward, old man; do not break off so;</p>
         <p>For we may pity, though not pardon thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>O, had the gods done so, I had not now</p>
         <p>Worthily termed them merciless to us!</p>
         <p>For, ere the ships could meet by twice five leagues,</p>
         <p>We were encountered by a mighty rock;</p>
         <p>Which being violently borne upon,</p>
         <p>Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst;</p>
         <p>So that, in this unjust divorce of us,</p>
         <p>Fortune had left to both of us alike</p>
         <p>What to delight in, what to sorrow for.</p>
         <p>Her part, poor soul! seeming as burdened</p>
         <p>With lesser weight but not with lesser woe,</p>
         <p>Was carried with more speed before the wind;</p>
         <p>And in our sight they three were taken up</p>
         <p>By fishermen of Corinth, as we thought.</p>
         <p>At length, another ship had seized on us;</p>
         <p>And, knowing whom it was their hap to save,</p>
         <p>Gave healthful welcome to their shipwracked guests;</p>
         <p>And would have reft the fishers of their prey,</p>
         <p>Had not their bark been very slow of sail;</p>
         <p>And therefore homeward did they bend their course.</p>
         <p>Thus have you heard me severed from my bliss;</p>
         <p>That by misfortunes was my life prolonged,</p>
         <p>To tell sad stories of my own mishaps.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>And, for the sake of them thou sorrowest for,</p>
         <p>Do me the favour to dilate at full</p>
         <p>What have befallen of them and thee till now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>My youngest boy, and yet my eldest care,</p>
         <p>At eighteen years became inquisitive</p>
         <p>After his brother: and importuned me</p>
         <p>That his attendant — so his case was like,</p>
         <p>Reft of his brother, but retained his name —</p>
         <p>Might bear him company in the quest of him:</p>
         <p>Whom whilst I laboured of a love to see,</p>
         <p>I hazarded the loss of whom I loved.</p>
         <p>Five summers have I spent in furthest Greece,</p>
         <p>Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia,</p>
         <p>And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus;</p>
         <p>Hopeless to find, yet loath to leave unsought</p>
         <p>Or that or any place that harbours men.</p>
         <p>But here must end the story of my life;</p>
         <p>And happy were I in my timely death,</p>
         <p>Could all my travels warrant me they live.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Hapless Aegeon, whom the fates have marked</p>
         <p>To bear the extremity of dire mishap!</p>
         <p>Now, trust me, were it not against our laws,</p>
         <p>Against my crown, my oath, my dignity,</p>
         <p>Which princes, would they, may not disannul,</p>
         <p>My soul should sue as advocate for thee.</p>
         <p>But, though thou art adjudged to the death</p>
         <p>And passed sentence may not be recalled</p>
         <p>But to our honour's great disparagement,</p>
         <p>Yet will I favour thee in what I can.</p>
         <p>Therefore, merchant, I'll limit thee this day</p>
         <p>To seek thy health by beneficial help:</p>
         <p>Try all the friends thou hast in Ephesus;</p>
         <p>Beg thou, or borrow, to make up the sum,</p>
         <p>And live; if no, then thou art doomed to die</p>
         <p>Gaoler, take him to thy custody.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gaoler</h3>
         <p>I will, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Hopeless and helpless doth Aegeon wend,</p>
         <p>But to procrastinate his lifeless end.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">The Mart.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse, DROMIO of Syracuse, and First Merchant.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Merchant</h3>
         <p>Therefore give out you are of Epidamnum,</p>
         <p>Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate.</p>
         <p>This very day a Syracusian merchant</p>
         <p>Is apprehended for arrival here;</p>
         <p>And not being able to buy out his life</p>
         <p>According to the statute of the town,</p>
         <p>Dies ere the weary sun set in the west.</p>
         <p>There is your money that I had to keep.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host,</p>
         <p>And stay there, Dromio, till I come to thee.</p>
         <p>Within this hour it will be dinnertime:</p>
         <p>Till that, I'll view the manners of the town,</p>
         <p>Peruse the traders, gaze upon the buildings,</p>
         <p>And then return and sleep within mine inn,</p>
         <p>For with long travel I am stiff and weary.</p>
         <p>Get thee away.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Many a man would take you at your word,</p>
         <p>And go indeed, having so good a mean.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I checked and villain was a word for servant/serf so actually I am not sure how insulting
            this is. But maybe it is also word play? I am going with the latter assumption A trusty
            villain, sir, that very oft,</p>
         <p>When I am dull with care and melancholy,</p>
         <p>Lightens my humour with his merry jests.</p>
         <p>What, will you walk with me about the town,</p>
         <p>And then go to my inn and dine with me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Merchant</h3>
         <p>I am invited, sir, to certain merchants,</p>
         <p>Of whom I hope to make much benefit;</p>
         <p>I crave your pardon. Soon at five o'clock,</p>
         <p>Please you, I'll meet with you upon the mart</p>
         <p>And afterward consort you till bed-time:</p>
         <p>My present business calls me from you now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Farewell till then: I will go lose myself</p>
         <p>And wander up and down to view the city.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Merchant</h3>
         <p>Sir, I commend you to your own content.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>He that commends me to mine own content</p>
         <p>Commends me to the thing I cannot get.</p>
         <p>I to the world am like a drop of water</p>
         <p>That in the ocean seeks another drop,</p>
         <p>Who, falling there to find his fellow forth,</p>
         <p>Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself:</p>
         <p>So I, to find a mother and a brother,</p>
         <p>In quest of them, unhappy, ah, lose myself.</p>
         <p>Here comes the almanac of my true date.</p>
         <p>What now? how chance thou art returned so soon?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter DROMIO of Ephesus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Returned so soon! rather approached too late:</p>
         <p>The capon burns, the pig falls from the spit,</p>
         <p>The clock hath strucken twelve upon the bell;</p>
         <p>My mistress made it one upon my cheek:</p>
         <p>She is so hot because the meat is cold;</p>
         <p>The meat is cold because you come not home;</p>
         <p>You come not home because you have no stomach;</p>
         <p>You have no stomach having broke your fast;</p>
         <p>But we that know what 'tis to fast and pray</p>
         <p>Are penitent for your default to-day.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Stop in your wind, sir: tell me this, I pray:</p>
         <p>Where have you left the money that I gave you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>O, — sixpence, that I had o' Wednesday last</p>
         <p>To pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper?</p>
         <p>The saddler had it, sir; I kept it not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I am not in a sportive humour now:</p>
         <p>Tell me, and dally not, where is the money?</p>
         <p>We being strangers here, how darest thou trust</p>
         <p>So great a charge from thine own custody?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner:</p>
         <p>I from my mistress come to you in post;</p>
         <p>If I return, I shall be post indeed,</p>
         <p>For she will score your fault upon my pate.</p>
         <p>Methinks your maw, like mine, should be your clock</p>
         <p>And strike you home without a messenger.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Come, Dromio, come, these jests are out of season;</p>
         <p>Reserve them till a merrier hour than this.</p>
         <p>Where is the gold I gave in charge to thee?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>To me, sir? why, you gave no gold to me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Come on, sir knave, have done your foolishness</p>
         <p>And tell me how thou hast disposed thy charge,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>My charge was but to fetch you from the mart</p>
         <p>Home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner:</p>
         <p>My mistress and her sister stays for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Now, as I am a Christian, answer me</p>
         <p>In what safe place you have bestowed my money,</p>
         <p>Or I shall break that merry sconce of yours</p>
         <p>That stands on tricks when I am undisposed:</p>
         <p>Where is the thousand marks thou hadst of me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I have some marks of yours upon my pate,</p>
         <p>Some of my mistress' marks upon my shoulders,</p>
         <p>But not a thousand marks between you both.</p>
         <p>If I should pay your worship those again,</p>
         <p>Perchance you will not bear them patiently.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Thy mistress' marks? what mistress, slave, hast thou?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Your worship's wife, my mistress at the Phoenix;</p>
         <p>She that doth fast till you come home to dinner</p>
         <p>And prays that you will hie you home to dinner.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What, wilt thou flout me thus unto my face,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Being forbid? There, take you that, sir knave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>What mean you, sir? for God sake, hold your hands!</p>
         <p>Nay, an you will not, sir, I'll take my heels.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Upon my life, by some device or other</p>
         <p>The villain is o'erraught of all my money.</p>
         <p>They say this town is full of cozenage,</p>
         <p>As, nimble jugglers that deceive the eye,</p>
         <p>Dark-working sorcerers that change the mind,</p>
         <p>Soul-killing witches that deform the body,</p>
         <p>Disguised cheaters, prating mountebanks,</p>
         <p>And many such-like liberties of sin:</p>
         <p>If it prove so, I will be gone the sooner.</p>
         <p>I'll to the Centaur, to go seek this slave:</p>
         <p>I greatly fear my money is not safe.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">The house of ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter ADRIANA and LUCIANA.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Neither my husband nor the slave returned,</p>
         <p>That in such haste I sent to seek his master!</p>
         <p>Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Perhaps some merchant hath invited him</p>
         <p>And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner.</p>
         <p>Good sister, let us dine and never fret:</p>
         <p>A man is master of his liberty:</p>
         <p>Time is their master, and, when they see time,</p>
         <p>They'll go or come: if so, be patient, sister.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Why should their liberty than ours be more?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Because their business still lies out o' door.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Look, when I serve him so, he takes it ill.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>O, know he is the bridle of your will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>There's none but asses will be bridled so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Why, headstrong liberty is lashed with woe.</p>
         <p>There's nothing situate under heaven's eye</p>
         <p>But hath his bound, in earth, in sea, in sky:</p>
         <p>The beasts, the fishes, and the winged fowls</p>
         <p>Are their males' subjects and at their controls:</p>
         <p>Man, more divine, the master of all these,</p>
         <p>Lord of the wide world and wild watery seas,</p>
         <p>Indued with intellectual sense and souls,</p>
         <p>Of more pre-eminence than fish and fowls,</p>
         <p>Are masters to their females, and their lords:</p>
         <p>Then let your will attend on their accords.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>This servitude makes you to keep unwed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Not this, but troubles of the marriage-bed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Ere I learn love, I'll practise to obey.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>How if your husband start some other where?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Till he come home again, I would forbear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Patience unmoved! no marvel though she pause;</p>
         <p>They can be meek that have no other cause.</p>
         <p>A wretched soul, bruised with adversity,</p>
         <p>We bid be quiet when we hear it cry;</p>
         <p>But were we burdened with like weight of pain,</p>
         <p>As much or more we should ourselves complain:</p>
         <p>So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee,</p>
         <p>With urging helpless patience would relieve me;</p>
         <p>But, if thou live to see like right bereft,</p>
         <p>This fool-begged patience in thee will be left.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Well, I will marry one day, but to try.</p>
         <p>Here comes your man; now is your husband nigh.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter DROMIO of Ephesus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Say, is your tardy master now at hand?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nay, he's at two hands with me, and that my two ears</p>
         <p>can witness.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Say, didst thou speak with him? know'st thou his mind?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Ay, ay, he told his mind upon mine ear:</p>
         <p>Beshrew his hand, I scarce could understand it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Spake he so doubtfully, thou couldst not feel his meaning?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nay, he struck so plainly, I could too well feel</p>
         <p>his blows; and withal so doubtfully that I could</p>
         <p>scarce understand them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>But say, I prithee, is he coming home?</p>
         <p>It seems he hath great care to please his wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Why, mistress, sure my master is horn-mad.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Horn-mad, thou villain!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I mean not cuckold-mad;</p>
         <p>But, sure, he is stark mad.</p>
         <p>When I desired him to come home to dinner,</p>
         <p>He asked me for a thousand marks in gold:</p>
         <p>“ 'Tis dinnertime,” quoth I; “ My gold!” quoth he:</p>
         <p>“ Your meat doth burn,” quoth I; “ My gold!” quoth he:</p>
         <p>“ Will you come?” quoth I; “ My gold!” quoth he,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">“ Where is the thousand marks I gave thee, villain?”</p>
         <p>“ The pig,” quoth I, “ is burned;” “ My gold!” quoth he;</p>
         <p>“ My mistress, sir,” quoth I; “ Hang up thy mistress!</p>
         <p>I know not thy mistress; out on thy mistress!”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Quoth who?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Quoth my master:</p>
         <p>“ I know,” quoth he, “ no house, no wife, no mistress.”</p>
         <p>So that my errand, due unto my tongue,</p>
         <p>I thank him, I bare home upon my shoulders;</p>
         <p>For, in conclusion, he did beat me there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Go back again, and be new beaten home?</p>
         <p>For God's sake, send some other messenger.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Back, slave, or I will break thy pate across.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>And he will bless that cross with other beating:</p>
         <p>Between you I shall have a holy head.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Hence, prating peasant! fetch thy master home.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Am I so round with you as you with me,</p>
         <p>That like a football you do spurn me thus?</p>
         <p>You spurn me hence, and he will spurn me hither:</p>
         <p>If I last in this service, you must case me in leather.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Fie, how impatience loureth in your face!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>His company must do his minions grace,</p>
         <p>Whilst I at home starve for a merry look.</p>
         <p>Hath homely age the alluring beauty took</p>
         <p>From my poor cheek? then he hath wasted it:</p>
         <p>Are my discourses dull? barren my wit?</p>
         <p>If voluble and sharp discourse be marred,</p>
         <p>Unkindness blunts it more than marble hard:</p>
         <p>Do their gay vestments his affections bait?</p>
         <p>That's not my fault: he's master of my state:</p>
         <p>What ruins are in me that can be found,</p>
         <p>By him not ruined? then is he the ground</p>
         <p>Of my defeatures. My decayed fair</p>
         <p>A sunny look of his would soon repair:</p>
         <p>But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale</p>
         <p>And feeds from home; poor I am but his stale.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Self-harming jealousy! fie, beat it hence!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Unfeeling fools can with such wrongs dispense.</p>
         <p>I know his eye doth homage otherwhere;</p>
         <p>Or else what lets it but he would be here?</p>
         <p>Sister, you know he promised me a chain;</p>
         <p>Would that alone, a' love he would detain,</p>
         <p>So he would keep fair quarter with his bed!</p>
         <p>I see the jewel best enamelled</p>
         <p>Will lose his beauty; yet the gold bides still,</p>
         <p>That others touch, and often touching will</p>
         <p>Where gold: and no man that hath a name,</p>
         <p>By falsehood and corruption doth it shame.</p>
         <p>Since that my beauty cannot please his eye,</p>
         <p>I'll weep what's left away, and weeping die.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>How many fond fools serve mad jealousy!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A public place.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up</p>
         <p>Safe at the Centaur; and the heedful slave</p>
         <p>Is wandered forth, in care to seek me out</p>
         <p>By computation and mine host's report.</p>
         <p>I could not speak with Dromio since at first</p>
         <p>I sent him from the mart. See, here he comes.</p>
         <p>How now, sir! is your merry humour altered?</p>
         <p>As you love strokes, so jest with me again.</p>
         <p>You know no Centaur? you received no gold?</p>
         <p>Your mistress sent to have me home to dinner?</p>
         <p class="textInsult">My house was at the Phoenix? Wast thou mad,</p>
         <p>That thus so madly thou didst answer me?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter DROMIO of Syracuse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>What answer, sir? when spake I such a word?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Even now, even here, not half an hour since.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I did not see you since you sent me hence,</p>
         <p>Home to the Centaur, with the gold you gave me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Villain, thou didst deny the gold's receipt,</p>
         <p>And told'st me of a mistress and a dinner;</p>
         <p>For which, I hope, thou felt'st I was displeased.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I am glad to see you in this merry vein:</p>
         <p>What means this jest? I pray you, master, tell me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Yea, dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth?</p>
         <p>Think'st thou I jest? Hold, take thou that, and that.</p>
         <p class="stage">Beating him. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Hold, sir, for God's sake! now your jest is earnest:</p>
         <p>Upon what bargain do you give it me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Because that I familiarly sometimes</p>
         <p>Do use you for my fool and chat with you,</p>
         <p>Your sauciness will jest upon my love</p>
         <p>And make a common of my serious hours.</p>
         <p>When the sun shines let foolish gnats make sport,</p>
         <p>But creep in crannies when he hides his beams.</p>
         <p>If you will jest with me, know my aspect</p>
         <p>And fashion your demeanour to my looks,</p>
         <p>Or I will beat this method in your sconce.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Sconce call you it? so you would leave battering,</p>
         <p>I had rather have it a head: and you use these</p>
         <p>blows long, I must get a sconce for my head and</p>
         <p>insconce it too; or else I shall seek my wit in my</p>
         <p>shoulders. But, I pray, sir, why am I beaten?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Dost thou not know?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nothing, sir, but that I am beaten.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Shall I tell you why?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Ay, sir, and wherefore; for they say every why hath a</p>
         <p>wherefore.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Why, first, — for flouting me; and then, wherefore, —</p>
         <p>For urging it the second time to me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Was there ever any man thus beaten out of season,</p>
         <p>When in the why and the wherefore is neither rhyme nor reason?</p>
         <p>Well, sir, I thank you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Thank me, sir! for what?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Marry, sir, for this something that you gave me for</p>
         <p class="textInsult">nothing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I'll make you amends next, to give you nothing for</p>
         <p>something. But say, sir, is it dinnertime?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>No, sir; I think the meat wants that I have.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>In good time, sir; what's that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Basting.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Well, sir, then 'twill be dry.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>If it be, sir, I pray you, eat none of it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Your reason?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Lest it make you choleric and purchase me another dry</p>
         <p>basting.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Well, sir, learn to jest in good time: there's a time</p>
         <p>for all things.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I durst have denied that, before you were so choleric.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>By what rule, sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Marry, sir, by a rule as plain as There is no relationship as father time is an abstract
            entity. the plain bald pate</p>
         <p class="textInsult">of father Time himself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Let's hear it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>There's no time for a man to recover his hair that</p>
         <p>grows bald by nature.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>May he not do it by fine and recovery?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Yes, to pay a fine for a periwig and recover the lost</p>
         <p>hair of another man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Why is Time such a niggard of hair, being, as it is,</p>
         <p>so plentiful an excrement?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Because it is a blessing that he bestows on</p>
         <p>beasts; and what he hath scanted men in hair he hath</p>
         <p>given them in wit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Why, but there's many a man hath more hair than wit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Not a man of those but he hath the wit to lose his</p>
         <p>hair.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Why, thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers</p>
         <p>without wit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>The plainer dealer, the sooner lost: yet he loseth it</p>
         <p>in a kind of jollity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>For what reason?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>For two; and sound ones too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Nay, not sound, I pray you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Sure ones, then.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Nay, not sure, in a thing falsing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Certain ones then.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Name them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>The one, to save the money that he spends in</p>
         <p>tiring; the other that at dinner they should not drop</p>
         <p>in his porridge.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>You would all this time have proved there is no time</p>
         <p>for all things.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Marry, and did, sir; namely, e'en no time to recover</p>
         <p>hair lost by nature.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>But your reason was not substantial, why there is no</p>
         <p>time to recover.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Thus I mend it: Time himself is bald and therefore to</p>
         <p>the world's end will have bald followers.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I knew 'twould be a bald conclusion:</p>
         <p>But, soft! who wafts us yonder?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter ADRIANA and LUCIANA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Ay, ay, Antipholus, look strange and frown:</p>
         <p>Some other mistress hath thy sweet aspects;</p>
         <p>I am not Adriana nor thy wife.</p>
         <p>The time was once when thou unurged wouldst vow</p>
         <p>That never words were music to thine ear,</p>
         <p>That never object pleasing in thine eye,</p>
         <p>That never touch well welcome to thy hand,</p>
         <p>That never meat sweet-savoured in thy taste,</p>
         <p>Unless I spake, or looked, or touched, or carved to thee.</p>
         <p>How comes it now, my husband, O, how comes it,</p>
         <p>That thou art then estranged from thyself?</p>
         <p>Thyself I call it, being strange to me,</p>
         <p>That, undividable, incorporate,</p>
         <p>Am better than thy dear self's better part.</p>
         <p>Ah, do not tear away thyself from me!</p>
         <p>For know, my love, as easy mayest thou fall</p>
         <p>A drop of water in the breaking gulf,</p>
         <p>And take unmingled thence that drop again,</p>
         <p>Without addition or diminishing,</p>
         <p>As take from me thyself and not me too.</p>
         <p>How dearly would it touch thee to the quick,</p>
         <p>Shouldst thou but hear I were licentious</p>
         <p>And that this body, consecrate to thee,</p>
         <p>By ruffian lust should be contaminate!</p>
         <p>Wouldst thou not spit at me and spurn at me</p>
         <p>And hurl the name of husband in my face</p>
         <p class="textInsult">And tear the stained skin off my harlot brow</p>
         <p>And from my false hand cut the wedding-ring</p>
         <p>And break it with a deep-divorcing vow?</p>
         <p>I know thou canst; and therefore see thou do it.</p>
         <p class="textInsult">I am possessed with an adulterate blot;</p>
         <p class="textInsult">My blood is mingled with the crime of lust:</p>
         <p>For if we two be one and thou play false,</p>
         <p>I do digest the poison of thy flesh,</p>
         <p>Being strumpeted by thy contagion.</p>
         <p>Keep then fair league and truce with thy true bed;</p>
         <p>I live dis-stained, thou undishonoured.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Plead you to me, fair dame? I know you not:</p>
         <p>In Ephesus I am but two hours old,</p>
         <p>As strange unto your town as to your talk;</p>
         <p>Who, every word by all my wit being scanned,</p>
         <p>Wants wit in all one word to understand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Fie, brother! how the world is changed with you!</p>
         <p>When were you wont to use my sister thus?</p>
         <p>She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>By Dromio?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>By me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>By thee; and this thou didst return from him,</p>
         <p>That he did buffet thee, and, in his blows,</p>
         <p>Denied my house for his, me for his wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Did you converse, sir, with this gentlewoman?</p>
         <p>What is the course and drift of your compact?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I, sir? I never saw her till this time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Villain, thou liest; for even her very words</p>
         <p>Didst thou deliver to me on the mart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I never spake with her in all my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>How can she thus then call us by our names?</p>
         <p>Unless it be by inspiration.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>How ill agrees it with your gravity</p>
         <p>To counterfeit thus grossly with your slave,</p>
         <p>Abetting him to thwart me in my mood!</p>
         <p>Be it my wrong you are from me exempt,</p>
         <p>But wrong not that wrong with a more contempt.</p>
         <p>Come, I will fasten on this sleeve of thine:</p>
         <p>Thou art an elm, my husband, I a vine,</p>
         <p>Whose weakness, married to thy stronger state,</p>
         <p>Makes me with thy strength to communicate:</p>
         <p>If aught possess thee from me, it is dross,</p>
         <p>Usurping ivy, brier, or idle moss;</p>
         <p>Who, all for want of pruning, with intrusion</p>
         <p>Infect thy sap and live on thy confusion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>To me she speaks; she moves me for her theme:</p>
         <p>What, was I married to her in my dream?</p>
         <p>Or sleep I now and think I hear all this?</p>
         <p>What error drives our eyes and ears amiss?</p>
         <p>Until I know this sure uncertainty,</p>
         <p>I'll entertain the offered fallacy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Dromio, go bid the servants spread for dinner.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>O, for my beads! I cross me for a sinner.</p>
         <p>This is the fairy land: O spite of spites!</p>
         <p>We talk with goblins, owls and sprites:</p>
         <p>If we obey them not, this will ensue,</p>
         <p>They'll suck our breath or pinch us black and blue.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Why pratest thou to thyself and answer'st not?</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Dromio, thou drumble, thou snail, thou slug, thou sot!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I am transformed, master, am not I?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I think thou art in mind, and so am I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nay, master, both in mind and in my shape.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Thou hast thine own form.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">No, I am an ape.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">If thou art changed to aught, 'tis to an ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Not sure about this one 'Tis true; she rides me and I long for grass.</p>
         <p>'Tis so, I am an ass; else it could never be</p>
         <p>But I should know her as well as she knows me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Come, come, no longer will I be a fool,</p>
         <p>To put the finger in the eye and weep,</p>
         <p>Whilst man and master laughs my woes to scorn.</p>
         <p>Come, sir, to dinner. Dromio, keep the gate.</p>
         <p>Husband, I'll dine above with you to-day</p>
         <p>And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks.</p>
         <p>Sirrah, if any ask you for your master,</p>
         <p>Say he dines forth, and let no creature enter.</p>
         <p>Come, sister. Dromio, play the porter well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Am I in earth, in heaven, or in hell?</p>
         <p>Sleeping or waking? mad or well-advised?</p>
         <p>Known unto these, and to myself disguised!</p>
         <p>I'll say as they say and persever so,</p>
         <p>And in this mist at all adventures go.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Master, shall I be porter at the gate?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Ay; and let none enter, lest I break your pate.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Come, come, Antipholus, we dine too late.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Before the house of ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus, DROMIO of Ephesus, ANGELO, and BALTHAZAR.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Good Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all;</p>
         <p>My wife is shrewish when I keep not hours:</p>
         <p>Say that I lingered with you at your shop</p>
         <p>To see the making of her carcanet,</p>
         <p>And that to-morrow you will bring it home.</p>
         <p>But here's a villain that would face me down</p>
         <p>He met me on the mart and that I beat him,</p>
         <p>And charged him with a thousand marks in gold,</p>
         <p>And that I did deny my wife and house.</p>
         <p>Thou drunkard, thou, what didst thou mean by this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Say what you will, sir, but I know what I know;</p>
         <p>That you beat me at the mart, I have your hand to show:</p>
         <p>If the skin were parchment, and the blows you gave were ink,</p>
         <p>Your own handwriting would tell you what I think.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I think thou art an ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Marry, so it doth appear</p>
         <p>By the wrongs I suffer and the blows I bear.</p>
         <p>I should kick, being kicked; and, being at that pass,</p>
         <p>You would keep from my heels and beware of an ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Y' are sad, Signior Balthazar: pray God our cheer</p>
         <p>May answer my good will and your good welcome here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Balthazar</h3>
         <p>I hold your dainties cheap, sir, and your welcome dear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>O, Signior Balthazar, either at flesh or fish,</p>
         <p>A table full of welcome makes scarce one dainty dish.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Balthazar</h3>
         <p>Good meat, sir, is common; that every churl affords.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>And welcome more common; for that's nothing but words.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Balthazar</h3>
         <p>Small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Ay to a niggardly host and more sparing guest:</p>
         <p>But though my cates be mean, take them in good part;</p>
         <p>Better cheer may you have, but not with better heart.</p>
         <p>But, soft! my door is locked. Go bid them let us in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Maud, Bridget, Marian, Cicel, Gillian, Ginn!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">relationship is tricky here. I am not sure who he is insulting - dromio or the people
            dromio mentioned... I will go with Dromio also, rel-state is neutral because they
            don't know each other I decided he was mocking dromio Mome, malt-horse, capon, coxcomb,
            idiot, patch!</p>
         <p>Either get thee from the door, or sit down at the hatch.</p>
         <p>Dost thou conjure for wenches, that thou call'st for such store,</p>
         <p>When one is one too many? Go, get thee from the door.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>What patch is made our porter? My master stays in the street.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Let him walk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on's feet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Who talks within there? ho, open the door!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Right, sir; I'll tell you when, and you'll tell me wherefore.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Wherefore? for my dinner: I have not dined to-day.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nor to-day here you must not; come again when you may.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What art thou that keepest me out from the house I owe?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>The porter for this time, sir, and my name is Dromio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>O villain! thou hast stolen both mine office and my name.</p>
         <p>The one ne'er got me credit, the other mickle blame.</p>
         <p>If thou hadst been Dromio to-day in my place,</p>
         <p>Thou wouldst have changed thy face for a</p>
         <p>name or thy name for an ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luce</h3>
         <p>What a coil is there, Dromio? who are those at the gate?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Let my master in, Luce.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luce</h3>
         <p>Faith, no; he comes too late;</p>
         <p>And so tell your master.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>O Lord, I must laugh!</p>
         <p>Have at you with a proverb — Shall I set in my staff?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luce</h3>
         <p>Have at you with another; that's — When? can you tell?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>If thy name be called Luce, — Luce, thou hast answered him well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Do you hear, you minion? you'll let us in, I hope?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luce</h3>
         <p>I thought to have asked you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>And you said no.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>So, come, help: well struck! there was blow for blow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Thou baggage, let me in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luce</h3>
         <p>Can you tell for whose sake?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Master, knock the door hard.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luce</h3>
         <p>Let him knock till it ache.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>You'll cry for this, minion, if I beat the door down.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luce</h3>
         <p>What needs all that, and a pair of stocks in the town?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Who is that at the door that keeps all this noise?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>By my troth, your town is troubled with unruly boys.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Are you there, wife? you might have come before.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Your wife, sir knave! go get you from the door.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>If you went in pain, master, this “ knave ” would go sore.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Here is neither cheer, sir, nor welcome: we would fain have either.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Balthazar</h3>
         <p>In debating which was best, we shall part with neither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>They stand at the door, master; bid them welcome hither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>There is something in the wind, that we cannot get in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>You would say so, master, if your garments were thin.</p>
         <p>Your cake here is warm within; you stand here in the cold:</p>
         <p>It would make a man mad as a buck, to be so bought and sold.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Go fetch me something: I'll break ope the gate.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Break any breaking here, and I'll break your knave's pate.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>A man may break a word with you, sir, and words are but wind,</p>
         <p>Ay, and break it in your face, so he break it not behind.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>It seems thou want'st breaking: out upon thee, hind!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Here's too much “ out upon thee!” I pray thee, let me in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Ay, when fowls have no feathers and fish have no fin.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Well, I'll break in: go borrow me a crow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>A crow without feather? Master, mean you so?</p>
         <p>For a fish without a fin, there's a fowl without a feather:</p>
         <p>If a crow help us in, sirrah, we'll pluck a crow together.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Go get thee gone; fetch me an iron crow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Balthazar</h3>
         <p>Have patience, sir; O, let it not be so!</p>
         <p>Herein you war against your reputation</p>
         <p>And draw within the compass of suspect</p>
         <p>The unviolated honour of your wife,</p>
         <p>Once this, — your long experience of her wisdom,</p>
         <p>Her sober virtue, years and modesty,</p>
         <p>Plead on her part some cause to you unknown;</p>
         <p>And doubt not, sir, but she will well excuse</p>
         <p>Why at this time the doors are made against you.</p>
         <p>Be ruled by me: depart in patience,</p>
         <p>And let us to the Tiger all to dinner,</p>
         <p>And about evening come yourself alone</p>
         <p>To know the reason of this strange restraint.</p>
         <p>If by strong hand you offer to break in</p>
         <p>Now in the stirring passage of the day,</p>
         <p>A vulgar comment will be made of it,</p>
         <p>And that supposed by the common rout</p>
         <p>Against your yet ungalled estimation</p>
         <p>That may with foul intrusion enter in</p>
         <p>And dwell upon your grave when you are dead;</p>
         <p>For slander lives upon succession,</p>
         <p>For ever housed where it gets possession.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>You have prevailed: I will depart in quiet,</p>
         <p>And, in despite of mirth, mean to be merry.</p>
         <p>I know a wench of excellent discourse,</p>
         <p>Pretty and witty; wild, and yet, too, gentle:</p>
         <p>There will we dine. This woman that I mean,</p>
         <p>My wife — but, I protest, without desert —</p>
         <p>Hath oftentimes upbraided me withal:</p>
         <p>To her will we to dinner.</p>
         <p>Get you home</p>
         <p>And fetch the chain; by this I know 'tis made:</p>
         <p>Bring it, I pray you, to the Porpentine;</p>
         <p>For there's the house: that chain will I bestow —</p>
         <p>Be it for nothing but to spite my wife —</p>
         <p>Upon mine hostess there: good sir, make haste.</p>
         <p>Since mine own doors refuse to entertain me,</p>
         <p>I'll knock elsewhere, to see if they'll disdain me.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Ang.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>I'll meet you at that place some hour hence.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Do so. This jest shall cost me some expense.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">The same.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter LUCIANA and ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>And may it be that you have quite forgot</p>
         <p>A husband's office? shall, Antipholus.</p>
         <p>Even in the spring of love, thy love-springs rot?</p>
         <p>Shall love, in building, grow so ruinous?</p>
         <p>If you did wed my sister for her wealth,</p>
         <p>Then for her wealth's sake use her with more kindness:</p>
         <p>Or if you like elsewhere, do it by stealth;</p>
         <p>Muffle your false love with some show of blindness:</p>
         <p>Let not my sister read it in your eye;</p>
         <p>Be not thy tongue thy own shame's orator;</p>
         <p>Look sweet, speak fair, become disloyalty;</p>
         <p>Apparel vice like virtue's harbinger;</p>
         <p>Bear a fair presence, though your heart be tainted;</p>
         <p>Teach sin the carriage of a holy saint;</p>
         <p>Be secret-false: what need she be acquainted?</p>
         <p>What simple thief brags of his own attaint?</p>
         <p>'Tis double wrong, to truant with your bed</p>
         <p>And let her read it in thy looks at board:</p>
         <p>Shame hath a bastard fame, well managed;</p>
         <p>Ill deeds is doubled with an evil word.</p>
         <p>Alas, poor women! make us but believe,</p>
         <p>Being compact of credit, that you love us;</p>
         <p>Though others have the arm, show us the sleeve;</p>
         <p>We in your motion turn and you may move us.</p>
         <p>Then, gentle brother, get you in again;</p>
         <p>Comfort my sister, cheer her, call her wife:</p>
         <p>'Tis holy sport to be a little vain,</p>
         <p>When the sweet breath of flattery conquers strife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Sweet mistress, — what your name is else, I know not,</p>
         <p>Nor by what wonder you do hit of mine, —</p>
         <p>Less in your knowledge and your grace you show not</p>
         <p>Than our earth's wonder, more than earth divine.</p>
         <p>Teach me, dear creature, how to think and speak;</p>
         <p>Lay open to my earthy gross conceit,</p>
         <p>Smothered in errors, feeble, shallow, weak,</p>
         <p>The folded meaning of your words' deceit.</p>
         <p>Against my soul's pure truth why labour you</p>
         <p>To make it wander in an unknown field?</p>
         <p>Are you a god? would you create me new?</p>
         <p>Transform me then, and to your power I'll yield.</p>
         <p>But if that I am I, then well I know</p>
         <p>Your weeping sister is no wife of mine,</p>
         <p>Nor to her bed no homage do I owe:</p>
         <p>Far more, far more to you do I decline.</p>
         <p>O, train me not, sweet mermaid, with thy note,</p>
         <p>To drown me in thy sister's flood of tears:</p>
         <p>Sing, siren, for thyself and I will dote:</p>
         <p>Spread o'er the silver waves thy golden hairs,</p>
         <p>And as a bed I'll take them and there lie,</p>
         <p>And in that glorious supposition think</p>
         <p>He gains by death that hath such means to die:</p>
         <p>Let Love, being light, be drowned if she sink!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>What, are you mad, that you do reason so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Not mad, but mated; how, I do not know.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>It is a fault that springeth from your eye.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Gaze when you should, and that will clear your sight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>As good to wink, sweet love, as look on night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Why call you me love? call my sister so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Thy sister's sister.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>That's my sister.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>No;</p>
         <p>It is thyself, mine own self's better part,</p>
         <p>Mine eye's clear eye, my dear heart's dearer heart,</p>
         <p>My food, my fortune and my sweet hope's aim,</p>
         <p>My sole earth's heaven and my heaven's claim.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>All this my sister is, or else should be.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Call thyself sister, sweet, for I am thee.</p>
         <p>Thee will I love and with thee lead my life:</p>
         <p>Thou hast no husband yet nor I no wife.</p>
         <p>Give me thy hand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>O, soft, sir! hold you still:</p>
         <p>I'll fetch my sister, to get her good will.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter DROMIO of Syracuse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Why, how now, Dromio! where runn'st thou so fast?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Do you know me, sir? am I Dromio? am I your man? am I</p>
         <p>myself?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Thou art Dromio, thou art my man, thou art thyself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I am an ass, I am a woman's man and besides myself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What woman's man? and how besides thyself?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Marry, sir, besides myself, I am due to a woman;</p>
         <p>one that claims me, one that haunts me, one that will</p>
         <p>have me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What claim lays she to thee?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Marry, sir, such claim as you would lay to your</p>
         <p>horse; and she would have me as a beast; not</p>
         <p>that, I being a beast, she would have me; but</p>
         <p>that she, being a very beastly creature, lays claim to</p>
         <p>me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What is she?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>A very reverent body; ay, such a one as a man</p>
         <p>may not speak of without he say “ Sir-reverence.”</p>
         <p>I have but lean luck in the match, and yet is she a</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Even though she thinks they were married when he met her I am marking this friend-friend
            because he does not and he is the one speaking wondrous fat marriage.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>How dost thou mean a fat marriage?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Marry, sir, Feel free to shorten this one, there's a lot here so I wasn't sure how
            much to keep included she's the kitchen wench and all</p>
         <p>grease; and I know not what use to put her to</p>
         <p>but to make a lamp of her and run from her by</p>
         <p>her own light. I warrant, her rags and the tallow</p>
         <p>in them will burn a Poland winter: if she lives</p>
         <p>till doomsday, she'll burn a week longer than the</p>
         <p class="textInsult">whole world.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What complexion is she of?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Swart, like my shoe, but her face nothing like</p>
         <p>so clean kept: for why, she sweats; a man may go over</p>
         <p class="textInsult">shoes in the grime of it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>That's a fault that water will mend.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">No, sir, 'tis in grain; Noah's flood could not do it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What's her name?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nell, sir; but her name and three quarters, that's</p>
         <p class="textInsult">an ell and three quarters, An ell is 18 inches, so it is not inhuman measurements?
            will not measure her from</p>
         <p class="textInsult">hip to hip.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Then she bears some breadth?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">No longer from head to foot than from hip to hip:</p>
         <p>she is spherical, like a globe; I could find out</p>
         <p class="textInsult">countries in her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>In what part of her body stands Ireland?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Marry, sir, in her buttocks: I found it out by the</p>
         <p class="textInsult">bogs.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Where Scotland?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I found it by the barrenness; hard in the palm of the</p>
         <p class="textInsult">hand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Where France?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">In her forehead; armed and reverted, making war</p>
         <p class="textInsult">against her heir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Where England?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I looked for the chalky cliffs, but I could find</p>
         <p>no whiteness in them; but I guess it stood in</p>
         <p>her chin, by the salt rheum that ran between France</p>
         <p class="textInsult">and it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Where Spain?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Faith, I saw it not; but I felt it hot in her breath.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Where America, the Indies?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">O, sir, upon her nose, all o'er embellished with</p>
         <p>rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, declining their</p>
         <p>rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain; who sent whole</p>
         <p class="textInsult">armadoes of caracks to be ballast at her nose.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Where stood Belgia, the Netherlands?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">O, sir, I did not look so low. To conclude, manner? this</p>
         <p class="textInsult">drudge, or diviner, laid claim to me; called me</p>
         <p>Dromio; swore I was assured to her; told me what</p>
         <p>privy marks I had about me, as, the mark of my</p>
         <p>shoulder, the mole in my neck, the great wart on my</p>
         <p>left arm, that I amazed ran from her as a witch:</p>
         <p>And, I think, if my breast had not been made of faith and my heart of steel,</p>
         <p>She had transformed me to a curtal dog and made me turn i' the wheel.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Go hie thee presently, post to the road:</p>
         <p>And if the wind blow any way from shore,</p>
         <p>I will not harbour in this town to-night:</p>
         <p>If any bark put forth, come to the mart,</p>
         <p>Where I will walk till thou return to me.</p>
         <p>If every one knows us and we know none,</p>
         <p>'Tis time, I think, to trudge, pack and be gone.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>As from a bear a man would run for life,</p>
         <p>So fly I from her that would be my wife.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">unsure if it is direct or indirect.. I don't know if he believes in witches? no relationship,
            he is insulting pretty much everyone in Ephesus There's none but witches do inhabit
            here;</p>
         <p>And therefore 'tis high time that I were hence.</p>
         <p>She that doth call me husband, even my soul</p>
         <p>Doth for a wife abhor. But her fair sister,</p>
         <p>Possessed with such a gentle sovereign grace,</p>
         <p>Of such enchanting presence and discourse,</p>
         <p>Hath almost made me traitor to myself:</p>
         <p>But, lest myself be guilty to self-wrong,</p>
         <p>I'll stop mine ears against the mermaid's song.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter ANGELO with the chain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Master Antipholus, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Ay, that's my name.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>I know it well, sir, lo, here's the chain.</p>
         <p>I thought to have ta'en you at the Porpentine:</p>
         <p>The chain unfinished made me stay thus long.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What is your will that I shall do with this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>What please yourself, sir: I have made it for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Made it for me, sir! I bespoke it not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Not once, nor twice, but twenty times you have.</p>
         <p>Go home with it and please your wife withal;</p>
         <p>And soon at suppertime I'll visit you</p>
         <p>And then receive my money for the chain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I pray you, sir, receive the money now,</p>
         <p>For fear you ne'er see chain nor money more.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>You are a merry man, sir: fare you well.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What I should think of this, I cannot tell:</p>
         <p>But this I think, there's no man is so vain</p>
         <p>That would refuse so fair an offered chain.</p>
         <p>I see a man here needs not live by shifts,</p>
         <p>When in the streets he meets such golden gifts.</p>
         <p>I'll to the mart and there for Dromio stay:</p>
         <p>If any ship put out, then straight away.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A public place.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter Second Merchant, ANGELO, and an Officer.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>You know since Pentecost the sum is due,</p>
         <p>And since I have not much importuned you;</p>
         <p>Nor now I had not, but that I am bound</p>
         <p>To Persia, and want guilders for my voyage:</p>
         <p>Therefore make present satisfaction,</p>
         <p>Or I'll attach you by this officer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Even just the sum that I do owe to you</p>
         <p>Is growing to me by Antipholus,</p>
         <p>And in the instant that I met with you</p>
         <p>He had of me a chain: at five o'clock</p>
         <p>I shall receive the money for the same.</p>
         <p>Pleaseth you walk with me down to his house,</p>
         <p>I will discharge my bond and thank you too.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus and DROMIO of Ephesus from the courtezan's. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>That labour may you save; see where he comes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>While I go to the goldsmith's house, go thou</p>
         <p>And buy a rope's end: that will I bestow</p>
         <p>Among my wife and her confederates,</p>
         <p>For locking me out of my doors by day.</p>
         <p>But, soft! I see the goldsmith. Get thee gone;</p>
         <p>Buy thou a rope and bring it home to me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I buy a thousand pound a year: I buy a rope.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>A man is well holp up that trusts to you:</p>
         <p>I promised your presence and the chain;</p>
         <p>But neither chain nor goldsmith came to me.</p>
         <p>Belike you thought our love would last too long,</p>
         <p>If it were chained together, and therefore came not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Saving your merry humour, here's the note</p>
         <p>How much your chain weighs to the utmost carat,</p>
         <p>The fineness of the gold and chargeful fashion,</p>
         <p>Which doth amount to three odd ducats more</p>
         <p>Than I stand debted to this gentleman:</p>
         <p>I pray you, see him presently discharged,</p>
         <p>For he is bound to sea and stays but for it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I am not furnished with the present money;</p>
         <p>Besides, I have some business in the town.</p>
         <p>Good signior, take the stranger to my house</p>
         <p>And with you take the chain and bid my wife</p>
         <p>Disburse the sum on the receipt thereof:</p>
         <p>Perchance I will be there as soon as you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Then you will bring the chain to her yourself?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>No; bear it with you, lest I come not time enough.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Well, sir, I will. Have you the chain about you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>An if I have not, sir, I hope you have;</p>
         <p>Or else you may return without your money.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Nay, come, I pray you, sir, give me the chain:</p>
         <p>Both wind and tide stays for this gentleman,</p>
         <p>And I, to blame, have held him here too long.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Good Lord! you use this dalliance to excuse</p>
         <p>Your breach of promise to the Porpentine.</p>
         <p>I should have chid you for not bringing it,</p>
         <p>But, like a shrew, you first begin to brawl.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>The hour steals on; I pray you, sir, dispatch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>You hear how he importunes me; — the chain!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Why, give it to my wife and fetch your money.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Come, come, you know I gave it you even now.</p>
         <p>Either send the chain or send me by some token.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Fie, now you run this humour out of breath,</p>
         <p>Come, where's the chain? I pray you, let me see it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>My business cannot brook this dalliance.</p>
         <p>Good sir, say whether you'll answer me or no:</p>
         <p>If not, I'll leave him to the officer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I answer you! what should I answer you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>The money that you owe me for the chain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I owe you none till I receive the chain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>You know I gave it you half an hour since.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>You gave me none: you wrong me much to say so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>You wrong me more, sir, in denying it;</p>
         <p>Consider how it stands upon my credit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>Well, officer, arrest him at my suit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>I do; and charge you in the duke's name to obey me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>This touches me in reputation.</p>
         <p>Either consent to pay this sum for me</p>
         <p>Or I attach you by this officer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Consent to pay thee that I never had!</p>
         <p>Arrest me, foolish fellow, if thou darest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Here is thy fee; arrest him, officer,</p>
         <p>I would not spare my brother in this case,</p>
         <p>If he should scorn me so apparently.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>I do arrest you, sir: you hear the suit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I do obey thee till I give thee bail.</p>
         <p>But, sirrah, you shall buy this sport as dear</p>
         <p>As all the metal in your shop will answer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Sir, sir, I shall have law in Ephesus,</p>
         <p>To your notorious shame; I doubt it not.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter DROMIO of Syracuse, from the bay.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Master, there's a bark of Epidamnum</p>
         <p>That stays but till her owner comes aboard,</p>
         <p>And then, sir, she bears away. Our fraughtage, sir,</p>
         <p>I have conveyed aboard; and I have bought</p>
         <p>The oil, the balsamum and aqua-vitae.</p>
         <p>The ship is in her trim: the merry wind</p>
         <p>Blows fair from land: they stay for nought at all</p>
         <p>But for their owner, master, and yourself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>How now! a madman! Why, thou peevish sheep,</p>
         <p>What ship of Epidamnum stays for me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>A ship you sent me to, to hire waftage.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Thou drunken slave, I sent thee for a rope;</p>
         <p>And told thee to what purpose and what end.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>You sent me for a rope's end as soon:</p>
         <p>You sent me to the bay, sir, for a bark.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I will debate this matter at more leisure</p>
         <p>And teach your ears to list me with more heed.</p>
         <p>To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight:</p>
         <p>Give her this key, and tell her, in the desk</p>
         <p>That's covered o'er with Turkish tapestry,</p>
         <p>There is a purse of ducats; let her send it:</p>
         <p>Tell her I am arrested in the street</p>
         <p>And that shall bail me; hie thee, slave, be gone!</p>
         <p>On, officer, to prison till it come.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Sec. Merchant, Angelo, Officer, and Ant. E.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>To Adriana! that is where we dined,</p>
         <p>Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband:</p>
         <p class="textInsult">I called this indirect because compass has multiple meanings I believe so I think
            this is a play on words? She is too big, I hope, for me to compass.</p>
         <p>Thither I must, although against my will,</p>
         <p>For servants must their masters' minds fulfil.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">The house of ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter ADRIANA and LUCIANA.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Ah, Luciana, did he tempt thee so?</p>
         <p>Mightst thou perceive austerely in his eye</p>
         <p>That he did plead in earnest? yea or no?</p>
         <p>Looked he or red or pale, or sad or merrily?</p>
         <p>What observation madest thou in this case</p>
         <p>Of his heart's meteors tilting in his face?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>First he denied you had in him no right.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>He meant he did me none; the more my spite.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Then swore he that he was a stranger here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>And true he swore, though yet forsworn he were.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Then pleaded I for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>And what said he?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>That love I begged for you he begged of me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>With what persuasion did he tempt thy love?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>With words that in an honest suit might move.</p>
         <p>First he did praise my beauty, then my speech.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Didst speak him fair?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Have patience, I beseech.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I cannot, nor I will not, hold me still;</p>
         <p>My tongue, though not my heart, shall have his will.</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Spouse-spouse because she thinks she is talking about her spouse He is deformed, crooked,
            old and sere,</p>
         <p>Ill-faced, worse bodied, shapeless every where;</p>
         <p>Vicious, ungentle, foolish, blunt, unkind,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Stigmatical in making, worse in mind.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Who would be jealous then of such a one?</p>
         <p>No evil lost is wailed when it is gone.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Ah, but I think him better than I say,</p>
         <p>And yet would herein others' eyes were worse.</p>
         <p>Far from her nest the lapwing cries away:</p>
         <p>My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter DROMIO of Syracuse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Here! go; the desk, the purse! sweat now, make haste.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>How hast thou lost thy breath?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>By running fast.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Where is thy master, Dromio? is he well?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>No, he's in Tartar limbo, worse than hell.</p>
         <p>A devil in an everlasting garment hath him:</p>
         <p>One whose hard heart is buttoned up with steel;</p>
         <p>A fiend, a fairy, pitiless and rough;</p>
         <p>A wolf, nay, worse, a fellow all in buff;</p>
         <p>A back-friend, a shoulder-clapper, one that countermands</p>
         <p>The passages of alleys, creeks and narrow lands;</p>
         <p>A hound that runs counter and yet draws dry-foot well;</p>
         <p>One that before the judgement carries poor souls to hell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Why, man, what is the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I do not know the matter: he is 'rested on the case.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>What, is he arrested? Tell me at whose suit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I know not at whose suit he is arrested well;</p>
         <p>But 'a's in a suit of buff which 'rested him, that can I tell.</p>
         <p>Will you send him, mistress, redemption, the money in his desk?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Go fetch it, sister.</p>
         <p>This I wonder at,</p>
         <p>That he, unknown to me, should be in debt,</p>
         <p>Tell me, was he arrested on a band?</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Luciana.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Not on a band, but on a stronger thing;</p>
         <p>A chain, a chain! Do you not hear it ring?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>What, the chain?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>No, no, the bell: 'tis time that I were gone:</p>
         <p>It was two ere I left him, and now the clock strikes one,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>The hours come back! that did I never hear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>O, yes; if any hour meet a sergeant, 'a turns back for very fear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>As if Time were in debt! how fondly dost thou reason!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Time is a very bankrupt, and owes more than he's worth, to season.</p>
         <p>Nay, he's a thief too: have you not heard men say,</p>
         <p>That Time comes stealing on by night and day?</p>
         <p>If 'a be in debt and theft, and a sergeant in the way,</p>
         <p>Hath he not reason to turn back an hour in a day?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter LUCIANA with a purse. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Go, Dromio; there's the money, bear it straight,</p>
         <p>And bring thy master home immediately.</p>
         <p>Come, sister: I am pressed down with conceit —</p>
         <p>Conceit, my comfort and my injury.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">A public place.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>There's not a man I meet but doth salute me</p>
         <p>As if I were their well-acquainted friend;</p>
         <p>And every one doth call me by my name.</p>
         <p>Some tender money to me; some invite me;</p>
         <p>Some other give me thanks for kindnesses;</p>
         <p>Some offer me commodities to buy:</p>
         <p>Even now a tailor called me in his shop</p>
         <p>And showed me silks that he had bought for me</p>
         <p>And therewithal took measure of my body.</p>
         <p>Sure, these are but imaginary wiles</p>
         <p>And Lapland sorcerers inhabit here.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter DROMIO of Syracuse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Master, here's the gold you sent me for. What,</p>
         <p>have you got the picture of old Adam new apparelled?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What gold is this? what Adam dost thou mean?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Not that Adam that kept the Paradise, but that</p>
         <p>Adam that keeps the prison: he that goes in the</p>
         <p>calf's-skin that was killed for the Prodigal; he</p>
         <p>that came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bid</p>
         <p>you forsake your liberty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I understand thee not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>No? why, 'tis a plain case: he that went, like</p>
         <p>a bass-viol, in a case of leather; the man, sir,</p>
         <p>that, when gentlemen are tired, gives them a sob</p>
         <p>and 'rests them: he, sir, that takes pity on</p>
         <p>decayed men and gives them suits of durance; he</p>
         <p>that sets up his rest to do more exploits with his</p>
         <p>mace than a morris-pike.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What, thou meanest an officer?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Ay, sir, the sergeant of the band; he that brings</p>
         <p>any man to answer it that breaks his band; one</p>
         <p>that thinks a man always going to bed, and says, “ God</p>
         <p>give you good rest!”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Well, sir, there rest in your foolery. Is there any</p>
         <p>ships puts forth to-night? may we be gone?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Why, sir, I brought you word an hour since that</p>
         <p>the bark Expedition put forth to-night; and then</p>
         <p>were you hindered by the sergeant, to tarry for</p>
         <p>the hoy Delay. Here are the angels that you sent for</p>
         <p>to deliver you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>The fellow is distract, and so am I;</p>
         <p>And here we wander in illusions:</p>
         <p>Some blessed power deliver us from hence!</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter a Courtezan.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>Well met, well met, Master Antipholus.</p>
         <p>I see, sir, you have found the goldsmith now:</p>
         <p>Is that the chain you promised me to-day?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Satan, avoid! I charge thee, tempt me not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Master, is this Mistress Satan?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">It is the devil.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Nay, she is worse, she is the devil's dam; and</p>
         <p class="textInsult">here she comes in the habit of a light wench:</p>
         <p>and thereof comes that the wenches say “ God damn</p>
         <p>me;” that's as much to say “ God make me a light</p>
         <p>wench.” It is written, they appear to men like</p>
         <p>angels of light: light is an effect of fire, and</p>
         <p>fire will burn; ergo, light wenches will burn. Come</p>
         <p>not near her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>Your man and you are marvellous merry, sir.</p>
         <p>Will you go with me? We'll mend our dinner here?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Master, if you do, expect spoon-meat; or bespeak a</p>
         <p>long spoon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Why, Dromio?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Marry, he must have a long spoon that must eat with</p>
         <p>the devil.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Avoid then, fiend! what tell'st thou me of supping?</p>
         <p>Thou art, as you are all, a sorceress:</p>
         <p>I conjure thee to leave me and be gone.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>Give me the ring of mine you had at dinner,</p>
         <p>Or, for my diamond, the chain you promised,</p>
         <p>And I'll be gone, sir, and not trouble you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Some devils ask but the parings of one's nail,</p>
         <p>A rush, a hair, a drop of blood, a pin,</p>
         <p>A nut, a cherry-stone;</p>
         <p>But she, more covetous, would have a chain.</p>
         <p>Master, be wise: and if you give it her,</p>
         <p>The devil will shake her chain and fright us with it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>I pray you, sir, my ring, or else the chain:</p>
         <p>I hope you do not mean to cheat me so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Avaunt, thou witch! Come, Dromio, let us go.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>“ Fly pride,” says the peacock: mistress, that you know.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Ant. S. and Dro. S.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Now, out of doubt Antipholus is mad,</p>
         <p>Else would he never so demean himself.</p>
         <p>A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats,</p>
         <p>And for the same he promised me a chain:</p>
         <p>Both one and other he denies me now.</p>
         <p>The reason that I gather he is mad,</p>
         <p>Besides this present instance of his rage,</p>
         <p>Is a mad tale he told to-day at dinner,</p>
         <p>Of his own doors being shut against his entrance.</p>
         <p>Belike his wife, acquainted with his fits,</p>
         <p>On purpose shut the doors against his way.</p>
         <p>My way is now to hie home to his house,</p>
         <p>And tell his wife that, being lunatic,</p>
         <p>He rushed into my house and took perforce</p>
         <p>My ring away. This course I fittest choose;</p>
         <p>For forty ducats is too much to lose.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 4</h2>
      <p class="stage">A street.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus and the Officer.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Fear me not, man; I will not break away:</p>
         <p>I'll give thee, ere I leave thee, so much money,</p>
         <p>To warrant thee, as I am 'rested for.</p>
         <p>My wife is in a wayward mood to-day,</p>
         <p>And will not lightly trust the messenger.</p>
         <p>That I should be attached in Ephesus,</p>
         <p>I tell you, 'twill sound harshly in her ears.</p>
         <p>Here comes my man; I think he brings the money.</p>
         <p>How now, sir! have you that I sent you for?</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter DROMIO of Ephesus with a rope's-end.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Here's that, I warrant you, will pay them all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>But where's the money?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Five hundred ducats, villain, for a rope?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I'll serve you, sir, five hundred at the rate.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>To what end did I bid thee hie thee home?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>To a rope's end, sir; and to that end am I returned.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>And to that end, sir, I will welcome you.</p>
         <p class="stage">Beating him. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>Good sir, be patient.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nay, 'tis for me to be patient; I am in adversity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>Good now, hold thy tongue.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nay, rather persuade him to hold his hands.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Thou whoreson, senseless villain!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I would I were senseless, sir, that I might not feel</p>
         <p>your blows.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Thou art sensible in nothing but blows, and so is an</p>
         <p class="textInsult">ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I am an ass, indeed; you may prove it by my long</p>
         <p>ears. I have served him from the hour of my</p>
         <p>nativity to this instant, and have nothing at</p>
         <p>his hands for my service but blows. When I am</p>
         <p>cold, he heats me with beating; when I am warm,</p>
         <p>he cools me with beating: I am waked with it when</p>
         <p>I sleep; raised with it when I sit; driven out</p>
         <p>of doors with it when I go from home; welcomed</p>
         <p>home with it when I return: nay, I bear it on my</p>
         <p>shoulders, as a beggar wont her brat; and, I</p>
         <p>think, when he hath lamed me, I shall beg with it from</p>
         <p>door to door.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Come, go along; my wife is coming yonder.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter ADRIANA, LUCIANA, the Courtezan, and PINCH.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Mistress, “ respice finem,” respect your end; or</p>
         <p>rather, the prophecy like the parrot, “ beware the</p>
         <p>rope's end.”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Wilt thou still talk?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>How say you now? is not your husband mad?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>His incivility confirms no less.</p>
         <p>Good Doctor Pinch, you are a conjurer;</p>
         <p>Establish him in his true sense again,</p>
         <p>And I will please you what you will demand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Alas, how fiery and how sharp he looks!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>Mark how he trembles in his ecstasy!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pinch</h3>
         <p>Give me your hand and let me feel your pulse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>There is my hand, and let it feel your ear.</p>
         <p class="stage">Striking him. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pinch</h3>
         <p>I charge thee, Satan, housed within this man,</p>
         <p>To yield possession to my holy prayers</p>
         <p>And to thy state of darkness hie thee straight:</p>
         <p>I conjure thee by all the saints in heaven!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Peace, doting wizard, peace! I am not mad.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">O, that thou wert not, poor distressed soul!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>You minion, you, are these your customers?</p>
         <p>Did this companion with the saffron face</p>
         <p>Revel and feast it at my house to-day,</p>
         <p>Whilst upon me the guilty doors were shut</p>
         <p>And I denied to enter in my house?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>O husband, God doth know you dined at home;</p>
         <p>Where would you had remained until this time,</p>
         <p>Free from these slanders and this open shame!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Dined at home! Thou villain, what sayest thou?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Sir, sooth to say, you did not dine at home.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Were not my doors locked up and I shut out?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Perdie, your doors were locked and you shut out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>And did not she herself revile me there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Sans fable, she herself reviled you there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Did not her kitchen maid rail, taunt, and scorn me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Certes, she did; the kitchen vestal scorned you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>And did not I in rage depart from thence?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>In verity you did; my bones bears witness,</p>
         <p>That since have felt the vigour of his rage.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Is't good to soothe him in these contraries?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pinch</h3>
         <p>It is no shame: the fellow finds his vein,</p>
         <p>And yielding to him humours well his frenzy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Thou hast suborned the goldsmith to arrest me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Alas, I sent you money to redeem you,</p>
         <p>By Dromio here, who came in haste for it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Money by me! heart and good will you might;</p>
         <p>But surely, master, not a rag of money.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Went'st not thou to her for a purse of ducats?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>He came to me and I delivered it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>And I am witness with her that she did.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>God and the rope-maker bear me witness</p>
         <p>That I was sent for nothing but a rope!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pinch</h3>
         <p>Mistress, both man and master is possessed;</p>
         <p class="textInsult">I know it by their Refering to 2 people, no rel or gender pale and deadly looks:</p>
         <p>They must be bound and laid in some dark room.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Say, wherefore didst thou lock me forth to-day?</p>
         <p>And why dost thou deny the bag of gold?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I did not, gentle husband, lock thee forth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>And, gentle master, I received no gold;</p>
         <p>But I confess, sir, that we were locked out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Dissembling villain, thou speak'st false in both.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Dissembling harlot, thou art false in all;</p>
         <p>And art confederate with a damned pack</p>
         <p>To make a loathsome abject scorn of me:</p>
         <p>But with these nails I'll pluck out these false eyes</p>
         <p>That would behold in me this shameful sport.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter three or four, and offer to bind him.  He strives.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>O, bind him, bind him! let him not come near me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pinch</h3>
         <p>More company! The fiend is strong within him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Ay me, poor man, how pale and wan he looks!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>What, will you murder me? Thou gaoler, thou,</p>
         <p>I am thy prisoner: wilt thou suffer them</p>
         <p>To make a rescue?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>Masters, let him go:</p>
         <p>He is my prisoner, and you shall not have him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pinch</h3>
         <p>Go bind this man, for he is frantic too.</p>
         <p class="stage">They offer to bind Dro. E. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">What wilt thou do, thou peevish officer?</p>
         <p>Hast thou delight to see a wretched man</p>
         <p>Do outrage and displeasure to himself?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>He is my prisoner: if I let him go,</p>
         <p>The debt he owes will be required of me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I will discharge thee ere I go from thee:</p>
         <p>Bear me forthwith unto his creditor,</p>
         <p>And, knowing how the debt grows, I will pay it.</p>
         <p>Good master doctor, see him safe conveyed</p>
         <p>Home to my house. O most unhappy day!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">O most unhappy strumpet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Master, I am here entered in bond for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Out on thee, villain! wherefore dost thou mad me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Will you be bound for nothing? be mad, good master:</p>
         <p>cry “ The devil!”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>God help, poor souls, how idly do they talk!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Go bear him hence. Sister, go you with me.</p>
         <p>Say now, whose suit is he arrested at?</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all but Adriana, Luciana, Officer and Courtezan.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>One Angelo, a goldsmith: do you know him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I know the man. What is the sum he owes?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>Two hundred ducats.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Say, how grows it due?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>Due for a chain your husband had of him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>He did bespeak a chain for me, but had it not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>When as your husband all in rage to-day</p>
         <p>Came to my house and took away my ring —</p>
         <p>The ring I saw upon his finger now —</p>
         <p>Straight after did I meet him with a chain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>It may be so, but I did never see it.</p>
         <p>Come, gaoler, bring me where the goldsmith is:</p>
         <p>I long to know the truth hereof at large.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse with his rapier drawn,  and DROMIO of Syracuse. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>God, for thy mercy! they are loose again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>And come with naked swords. Let's call more help</p>
         <p>To have them bound again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Officer</h3>
         <p>Away! they'll kill us.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all but Ant. S. and Dro. S.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I see these witches are afraid of swords.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>She that would be your wife now ran from you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Come to the Centaur; fetch our stuff from thence:</p>
         <p>I long that we were safe and sound aboard.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Faith, stay here this night; they will surely do</p>
         <p>us no harm: you saw they speak us fair, give us</p>
         <p>gold: methinks they are such a gentle nation</p>
         <p>that, but for the mountain of mad flesh that</p>
         <p>claims marriage of me, I could find in my heart to</p>
         <p>stay here still and turn witch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I will not stay to-night for all the town;</p>
         <p>Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 5, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A street before a Priory.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter Second Merchant and ANGELO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>I am sorry, sir, that I have hindered you;</p>
         <p>But, I protest, he had the chain of me,</p>
         <p>Though most dishonestly he doth deny it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>How is the man esteemed here in the city?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Of very reverend reputation, sir,</p>
         <p>Of credit infinite, highly beloved,</p>
         <p>Second to none that lives here in the city:</p>
         <p>His word might bear my wealth at any time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>Speak softly; yonder, as I think, he walks.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse and DROMIO of Syracuse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>'Tis so; and that self chain about his neck</p>
         <p>Which he forswore most monstrously to have.</p>
         <p>Good sir, draw near to me, I'll speak to him.</p>
         <p>Signior Antipholus, I wonder much</p>
         <p>That you would put me to this shame and trouble;</p>
         <p>And, not without some scandal to yourself,</p>
         <p>With circumstance and oaths so to deny</p>
         <p>This chain which now you wear so openly:</p>
         <p>Beside the charge, the shame, imprisonment,</p>
         <p>You have done wrong to this my honest friend,</p>
         <p>Who, but for staying on our controversy,</p>
         <p>Had hoisted sail and put to sea to-day:</p>
         <p>This chain you had of me; can you deny it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I think I had; I never did deny it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>Yes, that you did, sir, and forswore it too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Who heard me to deny it or forswear it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>These ears of mine, thou know'st, did hear thee.</p>
         <p>Fie on thee, wretch! 'tis pity that thou livest</p>
         <p>To walk where any honest men resort.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Thou art a villain to impeach me thus:</p>
         <p>I'll prove mine honour and mine honesty</p>
         <p>Against thee presently, if thou darest stand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I dare, and do He thinks they are/were friends defy thee for a villain.</p>
         <p class="stage">They draw. </p>
         <p class="stage">Enter ADRIANA, LUCIANA, the Courtezan, and others.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Hold, hurt him not, for God sake! he is mad.</p>
         <p>Some get within him, take his sword away:</p>
         <p>Bind Dromio too, and bear them to my house.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Run, master, run; for God's sake, take a house!</p>
         <p>This is some priory. In, or we are spoiled!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Ant. S. and Dro. S. to the Priory.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter the Lady Abbess.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Be quiet, people. Wherefore throng you hither?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>To fetch my poor distracted husband hence.</p>
         <p>Let us come in, that we may bind him fast</p>
         <p>And bear him home for his recovery.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>I knew he was not in his perfect wits,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>I am sorry now that I did draw on him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>How long hath this possession held the man?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>This week he hath been heavy, sour, sad,</p>
         <p>And much different from the man he was;</p>
         <p>But till this afternoon his passion</p>
         <p>Ne'er brake into extremity of rage.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Hath he not lost much wealth by wrack of sea?</p>
         <p>Buried some dear friend? Hath not else his eye</p>
         <p>Strayed his affection in unlawful love?</p>
         <p>A sin prevailing much in youthful men,</p>
         <p>Who give their eyes the liberty of gazing.</p>
         <p>Which of these sorrows is he subject to?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>To none of these, except it be the last;</p>
         <p>Namely, some love that drew him oft from home.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>You should for that have reprehended him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Why, so I did.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Ay, but not rough enough.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>As roughly as my modesty would let me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Haply, in private.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>And in assemblies too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Ay, but not enough.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>It was the copy of our conference:</p>
         <p>In bed he slept not for my urging it;</p>
         <p>At board he fed not for my urging it;</p>
         <p>Alone, it was the subject of my theme;</p>
         <p>In company I often glanced it;</p>
         <p>Still did I tell him it was vile and bad.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>And thereof came it that the man was mad:</p>
         <p>The venom clamours of a jealous woman</p>
         <p>Poisons more deadly than a mad dog's tooth.</p>
         <p>It seems his sleeps were hindered by thy railing,</p>
         <p>And thereof comes it that his head is light.</p>
         <p>Thou say'st his meat was sauced with thy upbraidings:</p>
         <p>Unquiet meals make ill digestions;</p>
         <p>Thereof the raging fire of fever bred;</p>
         <p>And what's a fever but a fit of madness?</p>
         <p>Thou say'st his sports were hindered by thy brawls:</p>
         <p>Sweet recreation barred, what doth ensue</p>
         <p>But moody and dull melancholy,</p>
         <p>Kinsman to grim and comfortless despair,</p>
         <p>And at her heels a huge infectious troop</p>
         <p>Of pale distemperatures and foes to life?</p>
         <p>In food, in sport and life-preserving rest</p>
         <p>To be disturbed, would mad or man or beast:</p>
         <p>The consequence is then thy jealous fits</p>
         <p>Hath scared thy husband from the use of wits.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>She never reprehended him but mildly.</p>
         <p>When he demeaned himself rough, rude and wildly.</p>
         <p>Why bear you these rebukes and answer not?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>She did betray me to my own reproof.</p>
         <p>Good people, enter and lay hold on him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>No, not a creature enters in my house.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Then let your servants bring my husband forth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Neither: he took this place for sanctuary,</p>
         <p>And it shall privilege him from your hands</p>
         <p>Till I have brought him to his wits again,</p>
         <p>Or lose my labour in assaying it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I will attend my husband, be his nurse,</p>
         <p>Diet his sickness, for it is my office,</p>
         <p>And will have no attorney but myself;</p>
         <p>And therefore let me have him home with me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Be patient; for I will not let him stir</p>
         <p>Till I have used the approved means I have,</p>
         <p>With wholesome syrups, drugs and holy prayers,</p>
         <p>To make of him a formal man again:</p>
         <p>It is a branch and parcel of mine oath,</p>
         <p>A charitable duty of my order.</p>
         <p>Therefore depart and leave him here with me,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I will not hence and leave my husband here:</p>
         <p>And ill it doth beseem your holiness</p>
         <p>To separate the husband and the wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Be quiet and depart: thou shalt not have him.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Complain unto the duke of this indignity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Come, go: I will fall prostrate at his feet</p>
         <p>And never rise until my tears and prayers</p>
         <p>Have won his grace to come in person hither</p>
         <p>And take perforce my husband from the abbess.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>By this, I think, the dial points at five:</p>
         <p>Anon, I'm sure, the duke himself in person</p>
         <p>Comes this way to the melancholy vale,</p>
         <p>The place of death and sorry execution,</p>
         <p>Behind the ditches of the abbey here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>Upon what cause?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>To see a reverend Syracusian merchant,</p>
         <p>Who put unluckily into this bay</p>
         <p>Against the laws and statutes of this town,</p>
         <p>Beheaded publicly for his offence.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>See where they come: we will behold his death.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Kneel to the duke before he pass the abbey.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter DUKE, attended; AEGEON  bareheaded; with the Headsman and other  Officers. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Yet once again proclaim it publicly,</p>
         <p>If any friend will pay the sum for him,</p>
         <p>He shall not die; so much we tender him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Justice, most sacred duke, against the abbess!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>She is a virtuous and a reverend lady:</p>
         <p>It cannot be that she hath done thee wrong.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>May it please your grace, Antipholus, my husband,</p>
         <p>Who I made lord of me and all I had,</p>
         <p>At your important letters, — this ill day</p>
         <p>A most outrageous fit of madness took him;</p>
         <p>That desperately he hurried through the street,</p>
         <p>With him his bondman, all as mad as he, —</p>
         <p>Doing displeasure to the citizens</p>
         <p>By rushing in their houses, bearing thence</p>
         <p>Rings, jewels, any thing his rage did like.</p>
         <p>Once did I get him bound and sent him home,</p>
         <p>Whilst to take order for the wrongs I went,</p>
         <p>That here and there his fury had committed.</p>
         <p>Anon, I wot not by what strong escape,</p>
         <p>He broke from those that had the guard of him;</p>
         <p>And with his mad attendant and himself,</p>
         <p>Each one with ireful passion, with drawn swords,</p>
         <p>Met us again and madly bent on us,</p>
         <p>Chased us away; till, raising of more aid,</p>
         <p>We came again to bind them. Then they fled</p>
         <p>Into this abbey, whither we pursued them:</p>
         <p>And here the abbess shuts the gates on us</p>
         <p>And will not suffer us to fetch him out,</p>
         <p>Nor send him forth that we may bear him hence.</p>
         <p>Therefore, most gracious duke, with thy command</p>
         <p>Let him be brought forth and borne hence for help.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Long since thy husband served me in my wars,</p>
         <p>And I to thee engaged a prince's word,</p>
         <p>When thou didst make him master of thy bed,</p>
         <p>To do him all the grace and good I could.</p>
         <p>Go, some of you, knock at the abbey-gate</p>
         <p>And bid the lady abbess come to me.</p>
         <p>I will determine this before I stir.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter a Servant.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Servant</h3>
         <p>O mistress, mistress, shift and save yourself!</p>
         <p>My master and his man are both broke loose,</p>
         <p>Beaten the maids a-row and bound the doctor,</p>
         <p>Whose beard they have singed off with brands of fire;</p>
         <p>And ever, as it blazed, they threw on him</p>
         <p>Great pails of puddled mire to quench the hair:</p>
         <p>My master preaches patience to him and the while</p>
         <p>His man with scissors nicks him like a fool,</p>
         <p>And sure, unless you send some present help,</p>
         <p>Between them they will kill the conjurer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Peace, fool! thy master and his man are here,</p>
         <p>And that is false thou dost report to us.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Servant</h3>
         <p>Mistress, upon my life, I tell you true;</p>
         <p>I have not breathed almost since I did see it.</p>
         <p>He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you,</p>
         <p>To scorch your face and to disfigure you.</p>
         <p>Hark, hark! I hear him, mistress: fly, be gone!</p>
         <p class="stage">Cry within.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Come, stand by me; fear nothing. Guard with halberds!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Ay me, it is my husband! Witness you,</p>
         <p>That he is borne about invisible:</p>
         <p>Even now we housed him in the abbey here;</p>
         <p>And now he's there, past thought of human reason.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter ANTIPHOLUS of Ephesus and DROMIO of Ephesus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Justice, most gracious duke, O, grant me justice!</p>
         <p>Even for the service that long since I did thee,</p>
         <p>When I bestrid thee in the wars and took</p>
         <p>Deep scars to save thy life; even for the blood</p>
         <p>That then I lost for thee, now grant me justice.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Unless the fear of death doth make me dote,</p>
         <p>I see my son Antipholus and Dromio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Justice, sweet prince, against that woman there!</p>
         <p>She whom thou gavest to me to be my wife,</p>
         <p>That hath abused and dishonoured me</p>
         <p>Even in the strength and height of injury!</p>
         <p>Beyond imagination is the wrong</p>
         <p>That she this day hath shameless thrown on me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Discover how, and thou shalt find me just.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>This day, great duke, she shut the doors upon me,</p>
         <p>While she with harlots feasted in my house.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>A grievous fault! Say, woman, didst thou so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>No, my good lord: myself, he and my sister</p>
         <p>to-day did dine together. So befall my soul</p>
         <p>As this is false he burdens me withal!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Luciana</h3>
         <p>Ne'er may I look on day, nor sleep on night,</p>
         <p>But she tells to your highness simple truth!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>O perjured woman! They are both forsworn:</p>
         <p>In this the madman justly chargeth them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>My liege, I am advised what I say,</p>
         <p>Neither disturbed with the effect of wine,</p>
         <p>Nor heady-rash, provoked with raging ire,</p>
         <p>Albeit my wrongs might make one wiser mad.</p>
         <p>This woman locked me out this day from dinner:</p>
         <p>That goldsmith there, were he not packed with her,</p>
         <p>Could witness it, for he was with me then;</p>
         <p>Who parted with me to go fetch a chain,</p>
         <p>Promising to bring it to the Porpentine,</p>
         <p>Where Balthazar and I did dine together.</p>
         <p>Our dinner done, and he not coming thither,</p>
         <p>I went to seek him: in the street I met him</p>
         <p>And in his company that gentleman.</p>
         <p>There did this perjured goldsmith swear me down</p>
         <p>That I this day of him received the chain,</p>
         <p>Which, God he knows, I saw not: for the which</p>
         <p>He did arrest me with an officer.</p>
         <p>I did obey, and sent my peasant home</p>
         <p>For certain ducats: he with none returned</p>
         <p>Then fairly I bespoke the officer</p>
         <p>To go in person with me to my house.</p>
         <p>By the way we met</p>
         <p>My wife, her sister, and a rabble more</p>
         <p>Of vile confederates. Along with them</p>
         <p class="textInsult">They brought one Pinch, a hungry lean-faced villain,</p>
         <p>A mere anatomy, a mountebank,</p>
         <p>A threadbare juggler and a fortune-teller,</p>
         <p>A needy, hollow-eyed, sharp-looking wretch,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">A living dead man: this pernicious slave,</p>
         <p>Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer,</p>
         <p>And, gazing in mine eyes, feeling my pulse,</p>
         <p>And with no face, as 'twere, outfacing me,</p>
         <p>Cries out, I was possessed. Then all together</p>
         <p>They fell upon me, bound me, bore me thence</p>
         <p>And in a dark and dankish vault at home</p>
         <p>There left me and my man, both bound together;</p>
         <p>Till, gnawing with my teeth my bonds in sunder,</p>
         <p>I gained my freedom and immediately</p>
         <p>Ran hither to your grace; whom I beseech</p>
         <p>To give me ample satisfaction</p>
         <p>For these deep shames and great indignities.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>My lord, in truth, thus far I witness with him,</p>
         <p>That he dined not at home, but was locked out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>But had he such a chain of thee or no?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>He had, my lord: and when he ran in here,</p>
         <p>These people saw the chain about his neck.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Merchant</h3>
         <p>Besides, I will be sworn these ears of mine</p>
         <p>Heard you confess you had the chain of him</p>
         <p>After you first forswore it on the mart:</p>
         <p>And thereupon I drew my sword on you;</p>
         <p>And then you fled into this abbey here,</p>
         <p>From whence, I think, you are come by miracle.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I never came within these abbey walls,</p>
         <p>Nor ever didst thou draw thy sword on me:</p>
         <p>I never saw the chain, so help me Heaven!</p>
         <p>And this is false you burden me withal.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Why, what an intricate impeach is this!</p>
         <p class="textInsult">I think you all have drunk of Circe's cup.</p>
         <p>If here you housed him, here he would have been;</p>
         <p>If he were mad, he would not plead so coldly:</p>
         <p>You say he dined at home; the goldsmith here</p>
         <p>Denies that saying. Sirrah, what say you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Sir, he dined with her there, at the Porpentine.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>He did, and from my finger snatched that ring.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>'Tis true, my liege; this ring I had of her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Saw'st thou him enter at the abbey here?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>As sure, my liege, as I do see your grace.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Why, this is strange. Go call the abbess hither.</p>
         <p>I think you are all mated or stark mad.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit one to the Abbess.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Most mighty duke, vouchsafe me speak a word:</p>
         <p>Haply I see a friend will save my life</p>
         <p>And pay the sum that may deliver me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Speak freely, Syracusian, what thou wilt.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Is not your name, sir, called Antipholus?</p>
         <p>And is not that your bondman, Dromio?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Within this hour I was his bondman, sir,</p>
         <p>But he, I thank him, gnawed in two my cords:</p>
         <p>Now am I Dromio and his man unbound.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>I am sure you both of you remember me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Ourselves we do remember, sir, by you;</p>
         <p>For lately we were bound, as you are now</p>
         <p>You are not Pinch's patient, are you, sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Why look you strange on me? you know me well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I never saw you in my life till now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>O, grief hath changed me since you saw me last,</p>
         <p>And careful hours with time's deformed hand</p>
         <p>Have written strange defeatures in my face:</p>
         <p>But tell me yet, dost thou not know my voice?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Neither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Dromio, nor thou?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>No, trust me, sir, nor I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>I am sure thou dost.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Ay, sir, but I am sure I do not; and whatsoever a man</p>
         <p>denies, you are now bound to believe him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>Not know my voice! O time's extremity,</p>
         <p>Hast thou so cracked and splitted my poor tongue</p>
         <p>In seven short years, that here my only son</p>
         <p>Knows not my feeble key of untuned cares?</p>
         <p>Though now this grained face of mine be hid</p>
         <p>In sap-consuming winter's drizzled snow,</p>
         <p>And all the conduits of my blood froze up,</p>
         <p>Yet hath my night of life some memory,</p>
         <p>My wasting lamps some fading glimmer left,</p>
         <p>My dull deaf ears a little use to hear:</p>
         <p>All these old witnesses — I cannot err —</p>
         <p>Tell me thou art my son Antipholus,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I never saw my father in my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>But seven years since, in Syracusa, boy,</p>
         <p>Thou know'st we parted: but perhaps, my son,</p>
         <p>Thou shamest to acknowledge me in misery.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>The duke and all that know me in the city</p>
         <p>Can witness with me that it is not so:</p>
         <p>I ne'er saw Syracusa in my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>I tell thee, Syracusian, twenty years</p>
         <p>Have I been patron to Antipholus,</p>
         <p>During which time he ne'er saw Syracusa:</p>
         <p>I see thy age and dangers make thee dote.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter Abbess, with ANTIPHOLUS of Syracuse  and DROMIO of Syracuse. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Most mighty duke, behold a man much wronged.</p>
         <p class="stage">All gather to see them. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>One of these men is Genius to the other;</p>
         <p>And so of these. Which is the natural man,</p>
         <p>And which the spirit? who deciphers them?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I, sir, am Dromio: command him away.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>I, sir, am Dromio: pray, let me stay.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Aegeon art thou not? or else his ghost?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>O, my old master! who hath bound him here?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Whoever bound him, I will loose his bonds</p>
         <p>And gain a husband by his liberty.</p>
         <p>Speak, old Aegeon, if thou be'st the man</p>
         <p>That hadst a wife once called Aemilia</p>
         <p>That bore thee at a burden two fair sons:</p>
         <p>O, if thou be'st the same Aegeon, speak,</p>
         <p>And speak unto the same Aemilia!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aegeon</h3>
         <p>If I dream not, thou art Aemilia:</p>
         <p>If thou art she, tell me where is that son</p>
         <p>That floated with thee on the fatal raft?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>By men of Epidamnum he and I</p>
         <p>And the twin Dromio all were taken up;</p>
         <p>But by and by rude fishermen of Corinth</p>
         <p>By force took Dromio and my son from them</p>
         <p>And me they left with those of Epidamnum.</p>
         <p>What then became of them I cannot tell;</p>
         <p>I to this fortune that you see me in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Why, here begins his morning story right:</p>
         <p>These two Antipholus', these two so like,</p>
         <p>And these two Dromios, one in semblance, —</p>
         <p>Besides her urging of her wrack at sea, —</p>
         <p>These are the parents to these children,</p>
         <p>Which accidentally are met together.</p>
         <p>Antipholus, thou camest from Corinth first?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>No, sir, not I; I came from Syracuse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>Stay, stand apart; I know not which is which.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I came from Corinth, my most gracious lord, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>And I with him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Brought to this town by that most famous warrior,</p>
         <p>Duke Menaphon, your most renowned uncle.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>Which of you two did dine with me to-day?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I, gentle mistress.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>And are not you my husband?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>No; I say nay to that.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>And so do I; yet did she call me so:</p>
         <p>And this fair gentlewoman, her sister here,</p>
         <p>Did call me brother. What I told you then,</p>
         <p>I hope I shall have leisure to make good;</p>
         <p>If this be not a dream I see and hear.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Luciana</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>That is the chain, sir, which you had of me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>I think it be, sir; I deny it not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>And you, sir, for this chain arrested me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Angelo</h3>
         <p>I think I did, sir; I deny it not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Adriana</h3>
         <p>I sent you money, sir, to be your bail,</p>
         <p>By Dromio; but I think he brought it not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>No, none by me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>This purse of ducats I received from you,</p>
         <p>And Dromio, my man, did bring them me.</p>
         <p>I see we still did meet each other's man,</p>
         <p>And I was ta'en for him, and he for me,</p>
         <p>And thereupon these errors are arose.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>These ducats pawn I for my father here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>It shall not need; thy father hath his life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Courtezan</h3>
         <p>Sir, I must have that diamond from you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>There, take it; and much thanks for my good cheer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Aemilia</h3>
         <p>Renowned duke, vouchsafe to take the pains</p>
         <p>To go with us into the abbey here</p>
         <p>And hear at large discoursed all our fortunes:</p>
         <p>And all that are assembled in this place,</p>
         <p>That by this sympathized one day's error</p>
         <p>Have suffered wrong, go keep us company,</p>
         <p>And we shall make full satisfaction.</p>
         <p>Thirty-three years have I but gone in travail</p>
         <p>Of you, my sons; and till this present hour</p>
         <p>My heavy burden ne'er delivered.</p>
         <p>The duke, my husband and my children both,</p>
         <p>And you the calendars of their nativity,</p>
         <p>Go to a gossips' feast, and go with me;</p>
         <p>After so long grief, such nativity!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Solinus</h3>
         <p>With all my heart I'll gossip at this feast.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all but Ant. S., Ant. E., Dro. S., and Dro. E.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Master, shall I fetch your stuff from shipboard?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>Dromio, what stuff of mine hast thou embarked?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Your goods that lay at host, sir, in the Centaur.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Antipholus</h3>
         <p>He speaks to me. I am your master, Dromio:</p>
         <p>Come, go with us; we'll look to that anon:</p>
         <p>Embrace thy brother there; rejoice with him.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Ant. S. and Ant. E.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>There is a fat friend at your master's house,</p>
         <p>That kitchened me for you to-day at dinner:</p>
         <p>She now shall be my sister, not my wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Methinks you are my glass, and not my brother:</p>
         <p>I see by you I am a sweet-faced youth.</p>
         <p>Will you walk in to see their gossiping?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Not I, sir; you are my elder.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>That's a question: how shall we try it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">S. Dromio</h3>
         <p>We'll draw cuts for the senior: till then lead thou first.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">E. Dromio</h3>
         <p>Nay, then, thus:</p>
         <p>We came into the world like brother and brother;</p>
         <p>And now let's go hand in hand, not one before another.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
      </div>
   </body>
</html>