<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Shakespeare's Slights</title>

    </head>
    <body class="concl">
        <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
        <h2 class="subTitle">Conclusion</h2>
        <section class="bordered">
            <p><b>Notice:</b> Hamlet has significantly less insults than the other three plays that
                we had analyzed, thus this data may be slightly skewed. However, we are confident
                with the results that we have produced for what we were given. Had we included the
                full scope of our original idea, that is, including insulting actions, we believe
                that there would have been a larger number of insults present within Hamlet.</p>
        </section>
        <section class="bordered">
            <h3>Genre and Insults</h3>
            <p>Within our research, we found there to be no direct correlation between overall
                insult count and play genre. Comedies had a total count of <b>118</b> insults,
                whereas tragedies had a total count of <b>111</b> -- a difference of <b>7</b> total
                insults. However, something that we hadn't expected to see cropped up while going
                over our data. We noticed, and subsequently determined, that there is more
                    <i>variety</i> within the comedy genre when compared to the tragedy genre.</p>
            <p>Though there could be a number of reasons for this discrepancy, we speculate that it
                could be in part due to the fact that comedies typically rely on <i>visual</i> or
                    <i>verbal</i> humor, rather than a tragedy, which typically involves a more
                    <i>dramatic</i> tone.</p>
            <p>In other words, insults are used in comedies as a way to convey humor, whereas
                insults are used in tragedies to convey anger.</p>
        </section>
        <section class="bordered">
            <h3>The State of Different Relationships</h3>
            <p>Once we compiled our insults into data that we could understand, such as numbers and
                graphs, we noticed that a majority of relationships have a general animosity. Due to
                this, we must assume that Shakespeare rarely had the intention of using insults in
                jest. We initially assumed that this could be the case, especially in the comedies,
                but seeing as they hold a majority share in the present insults, we can tell that
                even there, the insults are meant to sting.</p>
            <p>It is worth mentioning, however, that three of the seven relationship types do have
                some positive relationship status. These are friend-friend, parent-child, and
                couple-couple. Friends insulting each other would be one case where you would expect
                to see some insults that are not meant to harm rather annoy or satirize. The same
                can be said of the other two. Only one of these three however, manages to keep the
                amount of negative equal to the amount of positive, which is parent to child. The
                other two are still overwhelmingly negative. This is where we can draw the caveat
                that some insults are jestful, but this is often a rare case.</p>
        </section>
        <section class="bordered">
            <h3>Speech Acts and Gricean Maxims</h3>
            <p>The most common combinations of illocutionary act type and maxim flouted for our 
                insults was, as we somewhat expected, representative-manner and representative-
                quality. This is because the representative illocutionary type as well as the two 
                maxims listed above were seen in our data significantly more frequently than any of 
                their counterparts. Besides that much of what we found to address this question 
                seemed fairly unreliable and therefore there is no direct answer that we came to for 
                it.</p>
            <p>That being said, we did find an interesting posibility that may be worth mentioning 
                when trying to answer this question - we wonder if quality, in a research project with 
                a larger corpus, would still prove to be combined with relatively fewer illocutionary 
                act types than maxims such as manner (which we see in insults that employ all 
                illocutionary types).</p>
            <p>Although we cannot come to a true conclusion for this question, we think that in the 
                scope of another project it could play a part in the broader exploration of the 
                intersection between how people communicate insults and how they choose to convey 
                them in speech.</p>
        </section>
        <section class="bordered">
            <h3>Gender and Speech Acts</h3>
            <p>Gender does seem to have some significance in regards to the insults of Shakespeare. We 
                claim this due to a number of observations we made throughout our project. Firstly, 
                Shakespeare clearly writes far more insults from males to those of any gender than 
                from females to those of any gender. Secondly, we noticed that even females insult males 
                more than other females. Thirdly, females tend to be the hearers of primarily indirect 
                insults, and this is the reverse for males.</p>
            <p>We think that this could point to Shakespeare perhaps perceiving men as more prone to 
                insulting others. As to what this may bring to light about his perception of women, it is 
                harder to assume - perhaps he thought, due to the society that he lived within, that women 
                should not be insulted as directly for the sake of maintaining some social custom.</p>
            <p>Regardless of his intention, which very well could have been unconscious, it seems that 
                gender and speech acts do have a clear set of tendencies in the plays that we analyzed.</p>
        </section>
        <section class="bordered">
            <h3>Some final thoughts</h3>
            <p>When we set out on this project we wanted to discover if there was any correlation
                between play genre and insult frequency as well as explore the pragmatic features
                present that showed explicitly that these were insults. In terms of the first
                question we found there to be no difference between genre and overall insult count
                (however, note the above about Hamlet). In terms of pragmatic features we looked at
                direct vs indirect speech acts as well as illocutionary act types and Gricean
                Maxims. We found that there was a illocutionary act type that were over-represented
                (representative) and that the Gricean Maxim of manner was most often flouted. This
                showed us that not only are there indeed certain pragmatic features often present on
                insults but that there are some that are favored in order to convey the insulting
                nature of the speech act to the listener.</p>
            <p><b>Future directions:</b> The time we had for this project was limited however,
                ideally we would have liked to look at more plays in order to have more data on
                which to base our conclusions. We would also have liked to include our original idea
                of examining insulting actions as well as speech acts, which would have broadened
                our scope and perhaps yielded some interesting results.</p>
        </section>
        <!--#include virtual="footer.xhtml" -->
    </body>
</html>
