<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:sha="http://insults.obdurodon.org">
   <head>
      <title>Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
 Reading View</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css"/>
   </head>
   <body class="corp"><!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml"-->
      <div class="pagination"><a class="active" href="hamReading.xhtml">Hamlet</a><a href="othReading.xhtml">Othello</a><a href="mndReading.xhtml">A Midsummer Night's Dream</a><a href="coeReading.xhtml">The Comedy of Errors</a></div>
      <h1 id="mainTitle">Hamlet, Prince of Denmark</h1>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Elsinore. A platform before the castle. FRANCISCO at his post.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter to him BERNARDO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Who's there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>Nay, answer me: stand, and unfold yourself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Long live the king!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>Bernardo?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>He.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>You come most carefully upon your hour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>'Tis now struck twelve; get thee to bed, Francisco.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>For this relief much thanks: 'tis bitter cold,</p>
         <p>And I am sick at heart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Have you had quiet guard?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>Not a mouse stirring.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Well, good night.</p>
         <p>If you do meet Horatio and Marcellus,</p>
         <p>The rivals of my watch, bid them make haste.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>I think I hear them. Stand, ho! Who is there?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HORATIO and MARCELLUS. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Friends to this ground.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>And liegemen to the Dane.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>Give you good night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>O, farewell, honest soldier:</p>
         <p>Who hath relieved you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Francisco</h3>
         <p>Bernardo hath my place.</p>
         <p>Give you good night.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Holla! Bernardo!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Say,</p>
         <p>What, is Horatio there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>A piece of him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Welcome, Horatio: welcome, good Marcellus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>What, has this thing appeared again to-night?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>I have seen nothing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Horatio says 'tis but our fantasy,</p>
         <p>And will not let belief take hold of him</p>
         <p>Touching this dreaded sight, twice seen of us:</p>
         <p>Therefore I have entreated him along</p>
         <p>With us to watch the minutes of this night;</p>
         <p>That if again this apparition come,</p>
         <p>He may approve our eyes and speak to it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Tush, tush, 'twill not appear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Sit down awhile;</p>
         <p>And let us once again assail your ears,</p>
         <p>That are so fortified against our story</p>
         <p>What we have two nights seen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Well, sit we down,</p>
         <p>And let us hear Bernardo speak of this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Last night of all,</p>
         <p>When yond same star that's westward from the pole</p>
         <p>Had made his course to illume that part of heaven</p>
         <p>Where now it burns, Marcellus and myself,</p>
         <p>The bell then beating one,</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter Ghost.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Peace, break thee off; look, where it comes again!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>In the same figure, like the king that's dead.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Thou art a scholar; speak to it, Horatio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Looks 'a not like the king? mark it, Horatio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Most like: it harrows me with fear and wonder.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>It would be spoke to.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Speak to it, Horatio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>What art thou that usurp'st this time of night,</p>
         <p>Together with that fair and warlike form</p>
         <p>In which the majesty of buried Denmark</p>
         <p>Did sometimes march? by heaven I charge thee, speak!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>It is offended.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>See, it stalks away!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Stay! speak, speak! I charge thee, speak!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Ghost. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>'Tis gone, and will not answer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>How now, Horatio! you tremble and look pale:</p>
         <p>Is not this something more than fantasy?</p>
         <p>What think you on't?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Before my God, I might not this believe</p>
         <p>Without the sensible and true avouch</p>
         <p>Of mine own eyes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Is it not like the king?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>As thou art to thyself:</p>
         <p>Such was the very armour he had on</p>
         <p>When he the ambitious Norway combated;</p>
         <p>So frowned he once, when, in an angry parle,</p>
         <p>He smote the sledded Polacks on the ice.</p>
         <p>'Tis strange.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Thus twice before, and jump at this dead hour,</p>
         <p>With martial stalk hath he gone by our watch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>In what particular thought to work I know not:</p>
         <p>But in the gross and scope of mine opinion,</p>
         <p>This bodes some strange eruption to our state.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Good now, sit down, and tell me, he that knows,</p>
         <p>Why this same strict and most observant watch</p>
         <p>So nightly toils the subject of the land,</p>
         <p>And why such daily cast of brazen cannon,</p>
         <p>And foreign mart for implements of war;</p>
         <p>Why such impress of shipwrights, whose sore task</p>
         <p>Does not divide the Sunday from the week;</p>
         <p>What might be toward, that this sweaty haste</p>
         <p>Doth make the night joint-labourer with the day:</p>
         <p>Who is't that can inform me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>That can I;</p>
         <p>At least, the whisper goes so. Our last king,</p>
         <p>Whose image even but now appeared to us,</p>
         <p>Was, as you know, by Fortinbras of Norway,</p>
         <p>Thereto pricked on by a most emulate pride,</p>
         <p>Dared to the combat; in which our valiant Hamlet</p>
         <p>For so this side of our known world esteemed him</p>
         <p>Did slay this Fortinbras; who, by a sealed compact,</p>
         <p>Well ratified by law and heraldry,</p>
         <p>Did forfeit, with his life, all those his lands</p>
         <p>Which he stood seized of, to the conqueror:</p>
         <p>Against the which, a moiety competent</p>
         <p>Was gaged by our king; which had returned</p>
         <p>To the inheritance of Fortinbras,</p>
         <p>Had he been vanquisher; as, by the same comart,</p>
         <p>And carriage of the article designed,</p>
         <p>His fell to Hamlet. Now, sir, young Fortinbras,</p>
         <p>Of unimproved mettle hot and full,</p>
         <p>Hath in the skirts of Norway here and there</p>
         <p>Sharked up a list of lawless resolutes,</p>
         <p>For food and diet, to some enterprise</p>
         <p>That hath a stomach in't; which is no other</p>
         <p>As it doth well appear unto our state</p>
         <p>But to recover of us, by strong hand</p>
         <p>And terms compulsatory, those foresaid lands</p>
         <p>So by his father lost: and this, I take it,</p>
         <p>Is the main motive of our preparations,</p>
         <p>The source of this our watch and the chief head</p>
         <p>Of this posthaste and romage in the land.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>I think it be no other but e'en so:</p>
         <p>Well may it sort that this portentous figure</p>
         <p>Comes armed through our watch; so like the king</p>
         <p>That was and is the question of these wars.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>A mote it is to trouble the mind's eye.</p>
         <p>In the most high and palmy state of Rome,</p>
         <p>A little ere the mightiest Julius fell,</p>
         <p>The graves stood tenantless and the sheeted dead</p>
         <p>Did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets:</p>
         <p>As stars with trains of fire and dews of blood,</p>
         <p>Disasters in the sun; and the moist star</p>
         <p>Upon whose influence Neptune's empire stands</p>
         <p>Was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse:</p>
         <p>And even the like precurse of feared events,</p>
         <p>As harbingers preceding still the fates</p>
         <p>And prologue to the omen coming on.</p>
         <p>Have heaven and earth together demonstrated</p>
         <p>Unto our climatures and countrymen.</p>
         <p>But soft, behold! lo, where it comes again!</p>
         <p>I'll cross it, though it blast me. Stay, illusion!</p>
         <p>If thou hast any sound, or use of voice,</p>
         <p>Speak to me:</p>
         <p>If there be any good thing to be done,</p>
         <p>That may to thee do ease and grace to me,</p>
         <p>Speak to me:</p>
         <p>If thou art privy to thy country's fate,</p>
         <p>Which, happily, foreknowing may avoid,</p>
         <p>O, speak!</p>
         <p>Or if thou hast uphoarded in thy life</p>
         <p>Extorted treasure in the womb of earth,</p>
         <p>For which they say, your spirits oft walk in death,</p>
         <p>Speak of it: stay, and speak! Stop it, Marcellus.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter Ghost.</p>
         <p class="stage">Cock crows.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Shall I strike it with my partisan?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Do, if it will not stand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>'Tis here!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>'Tis here!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>'Tis gone!</p>
         <p>We do it wrong, being so majestical,</p>
         <p>To offer it the show of violence;</p>
         <p>For it is, as the air, invulnerable,</p>
         <p>And our vain blows malicious mockery.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Ghost.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bernardo</h3>
         <p>It was about to speak, when the cock crew.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>And then it started like a guilty thing</p>
         <p>Upon a fearful summons. I have heard,</p>
         <p>The cock, that is the trumpet to the morn,</p>
         <p>Doth with his lofty and shrill-sounding throat</p>
         <p>Awake the god of day; and, at his warning,</p>
         <p>Whether in sea or fire, in earth or air,</p>
         <p>The extravagant and erring spirit hies</p>
         <p>To his confine: and of the truth herein</p>
         <p>This present object made probation.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>It faded on the crowing of the cock.</p>
         <p>Some say that ever 'gainst that season comes</p>
         <p>Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated,</p>
         <p>This bird of dawning singeth all night long:</p>
         <p>And then, they say, no spirit dare stir abroad;</p>
         <p>The nights are wholesome; then no planets strike,</p>
         <p>No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm,</p>
         <p>So hallowed and so gracious is that time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>So have I heard and do in part believe it.</p>
         <p>But, look, the morn, in russet mantle clad,</p>
         <p>Walks o'er the dew of yon high eastward hill:</p>
         <p>Break we our watch up; and by my advice,</p>
         <p>Let us impart what we have seen to-night</p>
         <p>Unto young Hamlet; for, upon my life,</p>
         <p>This spirit, dumb to us, will speak to him.</p>
         <p>Do you consent we shall acquaint him with it,</p>
         <p>As needful in our loves, fitting our duty?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Let's do't, I pray; and I this morning know</p>
         <p>Where we shall find him most convenient.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room of state in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter the KING, QUEEN,  HAMLET, POLONIUS, LAERTES, VOLTIMAND, CORNELIUS,  Lords, and
         Attendants.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Though yet of Hamlet our dear brother's death</p>
         <p>The memory be green, and that it us befitted</p>
         <p>To bear our hearts in grief and our whole kingdom</p>
         <p>To be contracted in one brow of woe,</p>
         <p>Yet so far hath discretion fought with nature</p>
         <p>That we with wisest sorrow think on him,</p>
         <p>Together with remembrance of ourselves.</p>
         <p>Therefore our sometime sister, now our queen,</p>
         <p>The imperial jointress to this warlike state,</p>
         <p>Have we, as 'twere with a defeated joy,</p>
         <p>With an auspicious and a dropping eye,</p>
         <p>With mirth in funeral and with dirge in marriage,</p>
         <p>In equal scale weighing delight and dole,</p>
         <p>Taken to wife: nor have we herein barred</p>
         <p>Your better wisdoms, which have freely gone</p>
         <p>With this affair along. For all, our thanks.</p>
         <p>Now follows, that you know, young Fortinbras,</p>
         <p>Holding a weak supposal of our worth,</p>
         <p>Or thinking by our late dear brother's death</p>
         <p>Our state to be disjoint and out of frame,</p>
         <p>Co-leagued with this dream of his advantage,</p>
         <p>He hath not failed to pester us with message,</p>
         <p>Importing the surrender of those lands</p>
         <p>Lost by his father, with all bands of law,</p>
         <p>To our most valiant brother. So much for him.</p>
         <p>Now for ourself and for this time of meeting:</p>
         <p>Thus much the business is: we have here writ</p>
         <p>To Norway, uncle of young Fortinbras,</p>
         <p>Who, impotent and bedrid, scarcely hears</p>
         <p>Of this his nephew's purpose, to suppress</p>
         <p>His further gait herein; in that the levies,</p>
         <p>The lists and full proportions, are all made</p>
         <p>Out of his subject: and we here dispatch</p>
         <p>You, good Cornelius, and you, Voltimand,</p>
         <p>For bearers of this greeting to old Norway;</p>
         <p>Giving to you no further personal power</p>
         <p>To business with the king, more than the scope</p>
         <p>Of these delated articles allow.</p>
         <p>Farewell, and let your haste commend your duty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cornelius and Voltimand</h3>
         <p>In that and all things will we show our duty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>We doubt it nothing: heartily farewell.</p>
         <p>And now, Laertes, what's the news with you?</p>
         <p>You told us of some suit; what is't, Laertes?</p>
         <p>You cannot speak of reason to the Dane,</p>
         <p>And lose your voice: what wouldst thou beg, Laertes,</p>
         <p>That shall not be my offer, not thy asking?</p>
         <p>The head is not more native to the heart,</p>
         <p>The hand more instrumental to the mouth,</p>
         <p>Than is the throne of Denmark to thy father.</p>
         <p>What wouldst thou have, Laertes?</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Voltimand and Cornelius. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>My dread lord,</p>
         <p>Your leave and favour to return to France;</p>
         <p>From whence though willingly I came to Denmark,</p>
         <p>To show my duty in your coronation,</p>
         <p>Yet now, I must confess, that duty done,</p>
         <p>My thoughts and wishes bend again toward France</p>
         <p>And bow them to your gracious leave and pardon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Have you your father's leave? What says Polonius?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Hath, my lord, wrung from me my slow leave</p>
         <p>By laboursome petition, and at last</p>
         <p>Upon his will I sealed my hard consent:</p>
         <p>I do beseech you, give him leave to go.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Take thy fair hour, Laertes; time be thine,</p>
         <p>And thy best graces spend it at thy will!</p>
         <p>But now, my cousin Hamlet, and my son,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A little more than kin, and less than kind.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>How is it that the clouds still hang on you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Not so, my lord; I am too much in the sun.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Good Hamlet, cast thy nighted colour off,</p>
         <p>And let thine eye look like a friend on Denmark.</p>
         <p>Do not for ever with thy vailed lids</p>
         <p>Seek for thy noble father in the dust:</p>
         <p>Thou know'st 'tis common; all that lives must die,</p>
         <p>Passing through nature to eternity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, madam, it is common.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>If it be,</p>
         <p>Why seems it so particular with thee?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Seems, madam! nay, it is; I know not “ seems.”</p>
         <p>'Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother,</p>
         <p>Nor customary suits of solemn black,</p>
         <p>Nor windy suspiration of forced breath,</p>
         <p>No, nor the fruitful river in the eye,</p>
         <p>Nor the dejected “ haviour of the visage,</p>
         <p>Together with all forms, moods, shapes of grief,</p>
         <p>That can denote me truly: these indeed seem,</p>
         <p>For they are actions that a man might play:</p>
         <p>But I have that within which passes show;</p>
         <p>These but the trappings and the suits of woe.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>'Tis sweet and commendable in your nature, Hamlet,</p>
         <p>To give these mourning duties to your father:</p>
         <p>But, you must know, your father lost a father;</p>
         <p>That father lost, lost his, and the survivor bound</p>
         <p>In filial obligation for some term</p>
         <p class="textInsult">To do obsequious sorrow: I marked the relationship between Hamlet and Claudius as
            parent child even though he is not Hamlets actual father, but he is married to his
            mother. Seemed better than friend/friend but I am happy to consider adding some relationship
            attribute values but to persever</p>
         <p>In obstinate condolement is a course</p>
         <p>Of impious stubbornness; 'tis unmanly grief;</p>
         <p>It shows a will most incorrect to heaven,</p>
         <p>A heart unfortified, or mind impatient,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">An understanding simple and unschooled:</p>
         <p>For what we know must be and is as common</p>
         <p>As any the most vulgar thing to sense,</p>
         <p>Why should we in our peevish opposition</p>
         <p>Take it to heart? Fie! 'tis a fault to heaven,</p>
         <p>A fault against the dead, a fault to nature,</p>
         <p>To reason most absurd; whose common theme</p>
         <p>Is death of fathers, and who still hath cried,</p>
         <p>From the first corse till he that died to-day,</p>
         <p>“ This must be so.” We pray you, throw to earth</p>
         <p>This unprevailing woe, and think of us</p>
         <p>As of a father: for let the world take note,</p>
         <p>You are the most immediate to our throne;</p>
         <p>And with no less nobility of love</p>
         <p>Than that which dearest father bears his son,</p>
         <p>Do I impart toward you. For your intent</p>
         <p>In going back to school in Wittenberg,</p>
         <p>It is most retrograde to our desire:</p>
         <p>And we beseech you, bend you to remain</p>
         <p>Here, in the cheer and comfort of our eye,</p>
         <p>Our chiefest courtier, cousin, and our son.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Let not thy mother lose her prayers, Hamlet:</p>
         <p>I pray thee, stay with us: go not to Wittenberg.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I shall in all my best obey you, madam.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Why, 'tis a loving and a fair reply:</p>
         <p>Be as ourself in Denmark. Madam, come;</p>
         <p>This gentle and unforced accord of Hamlet</p>
         <p>Sits smiling to my heart: in grace whereof,</p>
         <p>No jocund health that Denmark drinks to-day,</p>
         <p>But the great cannon to the clouds shall tell,</p>
         <p>And the king's rouse the heaven shall bruit again,</p>
         <p>Respeaking earthly thunder. Come away.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all but Hamlet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O, that this too too sallied flesh would melt,</p>
         <p>Thaw and resolve itself into a dew!</p>
         <p>Or that the Everlasting had not fixed</p>
         <p>His canon 'gainst self-slaughter! O God! God!</p>
         <p>How weary, stale, flat and unprofitable,</p>
         <p>Seem to me all the uses of this world!</p>
         <p>Fie on't! ah fie! 'tis an unweeded garden,</p>
         <p>That grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature</p>
         <p>Possess it merely. That it should come to this!</p>
         <p>But two months dead: nay, not so much, not two:</p>
         <p>So excellent a king; that was, to this,</p>
         <p>Hyperion to a satyr; so loving to my mother</p>
         <p>That he might not beteem the winds of heaven</p>
         <p>Visit her face too roughly. Heaven and earth!</p>
         <p>Must I remember? why, she should hang on him,</p>
         <p>As if increase of appetite had grown</p>
         <p>By what it fed on: and yet, within a month</p>
         <p>Let me not think on't — Frailty, thy name is woman!</p>
         <p>A little month, or ere those shoes were old</p>
         <p>With which she followed my poor father's body,</p>
         <p>Like Niobe, all tears: why she, even she</p>
         <p>O God! a beast, that wants discourse of reason,</p>
         <p>Would have mourned longer — married with my uncle,</p>
         <p>My father's brother, but no more like my father</p>
         <p>Than I to Hercules: within a month:</p>
         <p>Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears</p>
         <p>Had left the flushing in her galled eyes,</p>
         <p>She married. O, most wicked speed, to post</p>
         <p>With such dexterity to incestuous sheets!</p>
         <p>It is not nor it cannot come to good:</p>
         <p>But break, my heart; for I must hold my tongue.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter HORATIO, MARCELLUS, and BERNARDO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Hail to your lordship!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I am glad to see you well:</p>
         <p>Horatio, or I do forget myself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>The same, my lord, and your poor servant ever.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Sir, my good friend; I'll change that name with you:</p>
         <p>And what make you from Wittenberg, Horatio?</p>
         <p>Marcellus?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>My good lord</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I am very glad to see you. Good even, sir.</p>
         <p>But what, in faith, make you from Wittenberg?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>A truant disposition, good my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I would not hear your enemy say so,</p>
         <p>Nor shall you do mine ear that violence,</p>
         <p>To make it truster of your own report</p>
         <p>Against yourself: I know you are no truant.</p>
         <p>But what is your affair in Elsinore?</p>
         <p>We'll teach you to drink deep ere you depart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>My lord, I came to see your father's funeral.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I prithee, do not mock me, fellow student;</p>
         <p>I think it was to see my mother's wedding.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Indeed, my lord, it followed hard upon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Thrift, thrift, Horatio! the funeral baked meats</p>
         <p>Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.</p>
         <p>Would I had met my dearest foe in heaven</p>
         <p>Or ever I had seen that day, Horatio!</p>
         <p>My father! methinks I see my father.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Where, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>In my mind's eye, Horatio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>I saw him once; he was a goodly king.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>He was a man, take him for all in all,</p>
         <p>I shall not look upon his like again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Saw? who?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>My lord, the king your father.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The king my father?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Season your admiration for a while</p>
         <p>With an attent ear, till I may deliver,</p>
         <p>Upon the witness of these gentlemen,</p>
         <p>This marvel to you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>For God's love, let me hear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Two nights together had these gentlemen,</p>
         <p>Marcellus and Bernardo, on their watch,</p>
         <p>In the dead waste and middle of the night,</p>
         <p>Been thus encountered. A figure like your father,</p>
         <p>Armed at point exactly, cap-a-pe,</p>
         <p>Appears before them, and with solemn march</p>
         <p>Goes slow and stately by them: thrice he walked</p>
         <p>By their oppressed and fear-surprised eyes,</p>
         <p>Within his truncheon's length; whilst they, distilled</p>
         <p>Almost to jelly with the act of fear,</p>
         <p>Stand dumb and speak not to him. This to me</p>
         <p>In dreadful secrecy impart they did;</p>
         <p>And I with them the third night kept the watch:</p>
         <p>Where, as they had delivered, both in time,</p>
         <p>Form of the thing, each word made true and good,</p>
         <p>The apparition comes: I knew your father;</p>
         <p>These hands are not more like.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>But where was this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>My lord, upon the platform where we watch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Did you not speak to it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>My lord, I did;</p>
         <p>But answer made it none: yet once methought</p>
         <p>It lifted up it head and did address</p>
         <p>Itself to motion, like as it would speak;</p>
         <p>But even then the morning cock crew loud,</p>
         <p>And at the sound it shrunk in haste away,</p>
         <p>And vanished from our sight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>'Tis very strange.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>As I do live, my honoured lord, 'tis true;</p>
         <p>And we did think it writ down in our duty</p>
         <p>To let you know of it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Indeed, indeed, sirs, but this troubles me.</p>
         <p>Hold you the watch to-night?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus and Bernardo</h3>
         <p>We do, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Armed, say you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus and Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Armed, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>From top to toe?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus and Bernardo</h3>
         <p>My lord, from head to foot.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Then saw you not his face?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>O, yes, my lord; he wore his beaver up.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What, looked he frowningly?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>A countenance more in sorrow than in anger.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Pale or red?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Nay, very pale.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>And fixed his eyes upon you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Most constantly.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I would I had been there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>It would have much amazed you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Very like, very like. Stayed it long?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>While one with moderate haste might tell a hundred.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus and Bernardo</h3>
         <p>Longer, longer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Not when I saw't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>His beard was grizzled, no?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>It was, as I have seen it in his life,</p>
         <p>A sable silvered.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I will watch to-night;</p>
         <p>Perchance 'twill walk again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>I warrant it will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>If it assume my noble father's person,</p>
         <p>I'll speak to it, though hell itself should gape</p>
         <p>And bid me hold my peace. I pray you all,</p>
         <p>If you have hitherto concealed this sight,</p>
         <p>Let it be tenable in your silence still;</p>
         <p>And whatsoever else shall hap to-night,</p>
         <p>Give it an understanding, but no tongue:</p>
         <p>I will requite your loves. So, fare you well:</p>
         <p>Upon the platform, 'twixt eleven and twelve,</p>
         <p>I'll visit you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All</h3>
         <p>Our duty to your honour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Your loves, as mine to you: farewell.</p>
         <p>My father's spirit in arms! all is not well;</p>
         <p>I doubt some foul play: would the night were come!</p>
         <p>Till then sit still, my soul: foul deeds will rise,</p>
         <p>Though all the earth o'erwhelm them, to men's eyes.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all but Hamlet.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in Polonius' house.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter LAERTES and OPHELIA.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>My necessaries are embarked: farewell:</p>
         <p>And, sister, as the winds give benefit</p>
         <p>And convey is assistant, do not sleep,</p>
         <p>But let me hear from you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Do you doubt that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>For Hamlet and the trifling of his favour,</p>
         <p>Hold it a fashion and a toy in blood,</p>
         <p>A violet in the youth of primy nature,</p>
         <p>Forward, not permanent, sweet, not lasting,</p>
         <p>The perfume and suppliance of a minute;</p>
         <p>No more.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>No more but so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Think it no more:</p>
         <p>For nature, crescent, does not grow alone</p>
         <p>In thews and bulk, but, as this temple waxes,</p>
         <p>The inward service of the mind and soul</p>
         <p>Grows wide withal. Perhaps he loves you now,</p>
         <p>And now no soil nor cautel doth besmirch</p>
         <p>The virtue of his will: but you must fear,</p>
         <p>His greatness weighed, his will is not his own;</p>
         <p>For he himself is subject to his birth:</p>
         <p>He may not, as unvalued persons do,</p>
         <p>Carve for himself; for on his choice depends</p>
         <p>The safety and health of this whole state;</p>
         <p>And therefore must his choice be circumscribed</p>
         <p>Unto the voice and yielding of that body</p>
         <p>Whereof he is the head. Then if he says he loves you,</p>
         <p>It fits your wisdom so far to believe it</p>
         <p>As he in his particular act and place</p>
         <p>May give his saying deed; which is no further</p>
         <p>Than the main voice of Denmark goes withal.</p>
         <p>Then weigh what loss your honour may sustain,</p>
         <p>If with too credent ear you list his songs,</p>
         <p>Or lose your heart, or your chaste treasure open</p>
         <p>To his unmastered importunity.</p>
         <p>Fear it, Ophelia, fear it, my dear sister,</p>
         <p>And keep you in the rear of your affection,</p>
         <p>Out of the shot and danger of desire.</p>
         <p>The chariest maid is prodigal enough,</p>
         <p>If she unmask her beauty to the moon:</p>
         <p>Virtue itself scapes not calumnious strokes:</p>
         <p>The canker galls the infants of the spring,</p>
         <p>Too oft before their buttons be disclosed,</p>
         <p>And in the morn and liquid dew of youth</p>
         <p>Contagious blastments are most imminent.</p>
         <p>Be wary then; best safety lies in fear:</p>
         <p>Youth to itself rebels, though none else near.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>I shall the effect of this good lesson keep,</p>
         <p>As watchman to my heart. But, good my brother,</p>
         <p>Do not, as some ungracious pastors do,</p>
         <p>Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven;</p>
         <p>Whiles, like a puffed and reckless libertine,</p>
         <p>Himself the primrose path of dalliance treads,</p>
         <p>And recks not his own rede.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>O, fear me not.</p>
         <p>I stay too long: but here my father comes.</p>
         <p>A double blessing is a double grace;</p>
         <p>Occasion smiles upon a second leave.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter POLONIUS.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Yet here, Laertes! aboard, aboard, for shame!</p>
         <p>The wind sits in the shoulder of your sail,</p>
         <p>And you are stayed for. There; my blessing with thee!</p>
         <p>And these few precepts in thy memory</p>
         <p>Look thou character. Give thy thoughts no tongue,</p>
         <p>Nor any unproportioned thought his act.</p>
         <p>Be thou familiar, but by no means vulgar.</p>
         <p>Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried,</p>
         <p>Grapple them unto thy soul with hoops of steel;</p>
         <p>But do not dull thy palm with entertainment</p>
         <p>Of each new-hatched, unfledged courage. Beware</p>
         <p>Of entrance to a quarrel, but being in,</p>
         <p>Bear't that the opposed may beware of thee.</p>
         <p>Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice;</p>
         <p>Take each man's censure, but reserve thy judgement.</p>
         <p>Costly thy habit as thy purse can buy,</p>
         <p>But not expressed in fancy; rich, not gaudy;</p>
         <p>For the apparel oft proclaims the man,</p>
         <p>And they in France of the best rank and station</p>
         <p>Are of a most select and generous chief in that.</p>
         <p>Neither a borrower nor a lender be;</p>
         <p>For loan oft loses both itself and friend,</p>
         <p>And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.</p>
         <p>This above all: to thine own self be true,</p>
         <p>And it must follow, as the night the day,</p>
         <p>Thou canst not then be false to any man.</p>
         <p>Farewell: my blessing season this in thee!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Most humbly do I take my leave, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>The time invests you; go; your servants tend.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Farewell, Ophelia; and remember well</p>
         <p>What I have said to you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>'Tis in my memory locked,</p>
         <p>And you yourself shall keep the key of it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Farewell.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>What is't, Ophelia, he hath said to you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>So please you, something touching the Lord Hamlet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Marry, well bethought:</p>
         <p>'Tis told me, he hath very oft of late</p>
         <p>Given private time to you; and you yourself</p>
         <p>Have of your audience been most free and bounteous:</p>
         <p>If it be so, as so 'tis put on me,</p>
         <p>And that in way of caution, I must tell you,</p>
         <p>You do not understand yourself so clearly</p>
         <p>As it behooves my daughter and your honour.</p>
         <p>What is between you? give me up the truth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>He hath, my lord, of late made many tenders</p>
         <p>Of his affection to me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Affection! pooh! you speak like a green girl,</p>
         <p>Unsifted in such perilous circumstance.</p>
         <p>Do you believe his tenders, as you call them?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>I do not know, my lord, what I should think.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Marry, I will teach you: think yourself a baby;</p>
         <p>That you have ta'en these tenders for true pay,</p>
         <p>Which are not sterling. Tender yourself more dearly;</p>
         <p>Or not to crack the wind of the poor phrase,</p>
         <p>Wringing it thus you'll tender me a fool.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>My lord, he hath importuned me with love</p>
         <p>In honourable fashion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Ay, fashion you may call it; go to, go to.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>And hath given countenance to his speech, my lord,</p>
         <p>With almost all the holy vows of heaven.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Ay, springes to catch woodcocks. I do know,</p>
         <p>When the blood burns, how prodigal the soul</p>
         <p>Lends the tongue vows: these blazes, daughter,</p>
         <p>Giving more light than heat, extinct in both,</p>
         <p>Even in their promise, as it is a-making,</p>
         <p>You must not take for fire. From this time</p>
         <p>Be something scanter of your maiden presence;</p>
         <p>Set your entreatments at a higher rate</p>
         <p>Than a command to parle. For Lord Hamlet,</p>
         <p>Believe so much in him, that he is young,</p>
         <p>And with a larger tether may he walk</p>
         <p>Than may be given you: in few, Ophelia,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">I have decided to use friend-friend even if they are not friends and then put in rel
            state = 'neg' to indocate their real relationship Do not believe his vows; for they
            are brokers,</p>
         <p>Not of that dye which their investments show,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">But mere implorators of unholy suits,</p>
         <p>Breathing like sanctified and pious bonds,</p>
         <p>The better to beguile. This is for all:</p>
         <p>I would not, in plain terms, from this time forth,</p>
         <p>Have you so slander any moment leisure,</p>
         <p>As to give words or talk with the Lord Hamlet.</p>
         <p>Look to't, I charge you: come your ways.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>I shall obey, my lord.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 4</h2>
      <p class="stage">The platform.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter HAMLET, HORATIO, and MARCELLUS.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The air bites shrewdly; it is very cold.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>It is a nipping and an eager air.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What hour now?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>I think it lacks of twelve.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>No, it is struck.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Indeed? I heard it not: it then draws near the season</p>
         <p>Wherein the spirit held his wont to walk.</p>
         <p>What does this mean, my lord?</p>
         <p class="stage">A flourish of trumpets, and ordnance shot off, within.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The king doth wake to-night and takes his rouse,</p>
         <p>Keeps wassail, and the swaggering up-spring reels;</p>
         <p>And, as he drains his draughts of Rhenish down,</p>
         <p>The kettle-drum and trumpet thus bray out</p>
         <p>The triumph of his pledge.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Is it a custom?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, marry, is't:</p>
         <p>But to my mind, though I am native here</p>
         <p>And to the manner born, it is a custom</p>
         <p>More honoured in the breach than the observance.</p>
         <p>This heavy-headed revel east and west</p>
         <p>Makes us traduced and taxed of other nations:</p>
         <p>They clepe us drunkards, and with swinish phrase</p>
         <p>Soil our addition; and indeed it takes</p>
         <p>From our achievements, though performed at height,</p>
         <p>The pith and marrow of our attribute.</p>
         <p>So, oft it chances in particular men,</p>
         <p>That for some vicious mole of nature in them,</p>
         <p>As, in their birth — wherein they are not guilty,</p>
         <p>Since nature cannot choose his origin</p>
         <p>By their o'ergrowth of some complexion,</p>
         <p>Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason,</p>
         <p>Or by some habit that too much o'erleavens</p>
         <p>The form of plausive manners, that these men,</p>
         <p>Carrying, I say, the stamp of one defect,</p>
         <p>Being nature's livery, or fortune's star,</p>
         <p>his virtues else be they as pure as grace,</p>
         <p>As infinite as man may undergo</p>
         <p>Shall in the general censure take corruption</p>
         <p>From that particular fault: the dram of evil</p>
         <p>Doth all the noble substance of a doubt</p>
         <p>To his own scandal.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Look, my lord, it comes!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter Ghost.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Angels and ministers of grace defend us!</p>
         <p>Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damned,</p>
         <p>Bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell,</p>
         <p>Be thy intents wicked or charitable,</p>
         <p>Thou comest in such a questionable shape</p>
         <p>That I will speak to thee: I'll call thee Hamlet,</p>
         <p>King, father, royal Dane: O, answer me!</p>
         <p>Let me not burst in ignorance; but tell</p>
         <p>Why thy canonized bones, hearsed in death,</p>
         <p>Have burst their cerements; why the sepulchre,</p>
         <p>Wherein we saw thee quietly inurned,</p>
         <p>Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws,</p>
         <p>To cast thee up again. What may this mean,</p>
         <p>That thou, dead corse, again in complete steel</p>
         <p>Revisits thus the glimpses of the moon,</p>
         <p>Making night hideous; and we fools of nature</p>
         <p>So horridly to shake our disposition</p>
         <p>With thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls?</p>
         <p>Say, why is this? wherefore? what should we do?</p>
         <p class="stage">Ghost beckons Hamlet. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>It beckons you to go away with it,</p>
         <p>As if it some impartment did desire</p>
         <p>To you alone.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Look, with what courteous action</p>
         <p>It waves you to a more removed ground:</p>
         <p>But do not go with it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>No, by no means.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It will not speak; then I will follow it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Do not, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, what should be the fear?</p>
         <p>I do not set my life at a pin's fee;</p>
         <p>And for my soul, what can it do to that,</p>
         <p>Being a thing immortal as itself?</p>
         <p>It waves me forth again: I'll follow it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>What if it tempt you toward the flood, my lord,</p>
         <p>Or to the dreadful summit of the cliff</p>
         <p>That beetles o'er his base into the sea,</p>
         <p>And there assume some other horrible form,</p>
         <p>Which might deprive your sovereignty of reason</p>
         <p>And draw you into madness? think of it:</p>
         <p>The very place puts toys of desperation,</p>
         <p>Without more motive, into every brain</p>
         <p>That looks so many fathoms to the sea</p>
         <p>And hears it roar beneath.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It waves me still.</p>
         <p>Go on; I'll follow thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>You shall not go, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Hold off your hands.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Be ruled; you shall not go.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>My fate cries out,</p>
         <p>And makes each petty artery in this body</p>
         <p>As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve.</p>
         <p>Still am I called. Unhand me, gentlemen.</p>
         <p>By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me!</p>
         <p>I say, away! Go on; I'll follow thee.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Ghost and Hamlet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>He waxes desperate with imagination.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Let's follow; 'tis not fit thus to obey him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Have after. To what issue will this come?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Heaven will direct it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Nay, let's follow him.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 5</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another part of the platform.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter GHOST and HAMLET.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Whither wilt thou lead me? speak; I'll go no further.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Mark me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>My hour is almost come,</p>
         <p>When I to sulphurous and tormenting flames</p>
         <p>Must render up myself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Alas, poor ghost!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Pity me not, but lend thy serious hearing</p>
         <p>To what I shall unfold.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Speak; I am bound to hear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>So art thou to revenge, when thou shalt hear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>I am thy father's spirit,</p>
         <p>Doomed for a certain term to walk the night,</p>
         <p>And for the day confined to fast in fires,</p>
         <p>Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature</p>
         <p>Are burnt and purged away. But that I am forbid</p>
         <p>To tell the secrets of my prison-house,</p>
         <p>I could a tale unfold whose lightest word</p>
         <p>Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood,</p>
         <p>Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres,</p>
         <p>Thy knotted and combined locks to part</p>
         <p>And each particular hair to stand an end,</p>
         <p>Like quills upon the fearful porpentine:</p>
         <p>But this eternal blazon must not be</p>
         <p>To ears of flesh and blood. List, list, O, list!</p>
         <p>If thou didst ever thy dear father love</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O God!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Revenge his foul and most unnatural murder.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Murder!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Murder most foul, as in the best it is;</p>
         <p>But this most foul, strange and unnatural.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Haste me to know't, that I, with wings as swift</p>
         <p>As meditation or the thoughts of love,</p>
         <p>May sweep to my revenge.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>I find thee apt;</p>
         <p>And duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed</p>
         <p>That roots itself in ease on Lethe wharf,</p>
         <p>Wouldst thou not stir in this. Now, Hamlet, hear:</p>
         <p>'Tis given out that, sleeping in my orchard,</p>
         <p>A &lt;insultStart insType="nameCall"/&gt; I am moving this insult down a few lines because
            this seems like relation of information, it is in the next bit that he calls his brother
            the serpent serpent stung me &lt;insultEnd/&gt;; so the whole ear of Denmark</p>
         <p>Is by a forged process of my death</p>
         <p>Rankly abused; but know, thou noble youth,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">The serpent that did sting thy father's life</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Now wears his crown.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O my prophetic soul!</p>
         <p>My uncle!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Ay, that incestuous, that adulterate beast,</p>
         <p>With witchcraft of his wit, with traitorous gifts,</p>
         <p>O wicked wit and gifts, that have the power</p>
         <p>So to seduce! — won to his shameful lust</p>
         <p>The will of my most seeming virtuous queen:</p>
         <p>O Hamlet, what a falling-off was there!</p>
         <p>From me, whose love was of that dignity</p>
         <p>That it went hand in hand even with the vow</p>
         <p>I made to her in marriage, and to decline</p>
         <p>Upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor</p>
         <p>To those of mine!</p>
         <p>But virtue, as it never will be moved,</p>
         <p>Though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven,</p>
         <p>So lust, though to a radiant angel linked,</p>
         <p>Will sate itself in a celestial bed,</p>
         <p>And prey on garbage.</p>
         <p>But, soft! methinks I scent the morning air;</p>
         <p>Brief let me be. Sleeping within my orchard,</p>
         <p>My custom always of the afternoon,</p>
         <p>Upon my secure hour thy uncle stole,</p>
         <p>With juice of cursed hebenon in a vial,</p>
         <p>And in the porches of my ears did pour</p>
         <p>The leperous distilment; whose effect</p>
         <p>Holds such an enmity with blood of man</p>
         <p>That swift as quicksilver it courses through</p>
         <p>The natural gates and alleys of the body,</p>
         <p>And with a sudden vigour it doth posset</p>
         <p>And curd, like eager droppings into milk,</p>
         <p>The thin and wholesome blood: so did it mine;</p>
         <p>And a most instant tetter barked about,</p>
         <p>Most lazar-like, with vile and loathsome crust,</p>
         <p>All my smooth body.</p>
         <p>Thus was I, sleeping, by a brother's hand</p>
         <p>Of life, of crown, of queen, at once dispatched:</p>
         <p>Cut off even in the blossoms of my sin,</p>
         <p>Unhouseled, disappointed, unaneled,</p>
         <p>No reckoning made, but sent to my account</p>
         <p>With all my imperfections on my head:</p>
         <p>O, horrible! O, horrible! most horrible!</p>
         <p>If thou hast nature in thee, bear it not;</p>
         <p>Let not the royal bed of Denmark be</p>
         <p>A couch for luxury and damned incest.</p>
         <p>But, howsoever thou pursues this act,</p>
         <p>Taint not thy mind, nor let thy soul contrive</p>
         <p>Against thy mother aught: leave her to heaven</p>
         <p>And to those thorns that in her bosom lodge,</p>
         <p>To prick and sting her. Fare thee well at once!</p>
         <p>The glow-worm shows the matin to be near,</p>
         <p>And 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire:</p>
         <p>Adieu, adieu, adieu, remember me.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O all you host of heaven! O earth! what else?</p>
         <p>And shall I couple hell? O, fie! Hold, hold, my heart;</p>
         <p>And you, my sinews, grow not instant old,</p>
         <p>But bear me stiffly up. Remember thee!</p>
         <p>Ay, thou poor ghost, while memory holds a seat</p>
         <p>In this distracted globe. Remember thee!</p>
         <p>Yea, from the table of my memory</p>
         <p>I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,</p>
         <p>All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,</p>
         <p>That youth and observation copied there;</p>
         <p>And thy commandment all alone shall live</p>
         <p>Within the book and volume of my brain,</p>
         <p>Unmixed with baser matter: yes, by heaven!</p>
         <p>O most pernicious woman!</p>
         <p>O villain, villain, smiling, damned villain!</p>
         <p>My tables, — meet it is I set it down,</p>
         <p>That one may smile, and smile, and be a villain;</p>
         <p>At least I am sure it may be so in Denmark:</p>
         <p>So, uncle, there you are. Now to my word;</p>
         <p>It is “ Adieu, adieu! remember me.”</p>
         <p>I have sworn't.</p>
         <p class="stage">Writing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus and Horatio</h3>
         <p>My lord, my lord,</p>
         <p class="stage">Within</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Lord Hamlet,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Heaven secure him!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>So be it!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Hillo, ho, ho, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Hillo, ho, ho, boy! come, bird, come.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HORATIO and MARCELLUS. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>How is't, my noble lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>What news, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O, wonderful!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Good my lord, tell it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No; you will reveal it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Not I, my lord, by heaven.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Nor I, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How say you, then; would heart of man once think it?</p>
         <p>But you'll be secret?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus and Horatio</h3>
         <p>Ay, by heaven, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>There's ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark</p>
         <p>But he's an arrant knave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>There needs no ghost, my lord, come from the grave</p>
         <p>To tell us this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, right; you are in the right;</p>
         <p>And so, without more circumstance at all,</p>
         <p>I hold it fit that we shake hands and part:</p>
         <p>You, as your business and desire shall point you;</p>
         <p>For every man hath business and desire,</p>
         <p>Such as it is; and for my own poor part,</p>
         <p>I will go pray.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>These are but wild and whirling words, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I am sorry they offend you, heartily;</p>
         <p>Yes, 'faith, heartily.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>There's no offence, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Yes, by Saint Patrick, but there is, Horatio,</p>
         <p>And much offence too. Touching this vision here,</p>
         <p>It is an honest ghost, that let me tell you:</p>
         <p>For your desire to know what is between us,</p>
         <p>o'ermaster't as you may. And now, good friends,</p>
         <p>As you are friends, scholars and soldiers,</p>
         <p>Give me one poor request.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>What is't, my lord? we will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Never make known what you have seen to-night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus and Horatio</h3>
         <p>My lord, we will not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, but swear't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>In faith,</p>
         <p>My lord, not I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>Nor I, my lord, in faith.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Upon my sword.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Marcellus</h3>
         <p>We have sworn, my lord, already.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Indeed, upon my sword, indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Swear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ah, ha, boy! say'st thou so? art thou there, truepenny?</p>
         <p>Come on — you hear this fellow in the cellarage</p>
         <p>Consent to swear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Propose the oath, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Never to speak of this that you have seen,</p>
         <p>Swear by my sword.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Swear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Hic et ubique? then we'll shift our ground.</p>
         <p>Come hither, gentlemen,</p>
         <p>And lay your hands again upon my sword:</p>
         <p>Swear by my sword</p>
         <p>Never to speak of this that you have heard,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Swear by his sword.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Well said, old mole! canst work i' the earth so fast?</p>
         <p>A worthy pioner! Once more remove, good friends.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>O day and night, but this is wondrous strange!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>And therefore as a stranger give it welcome.</p>
         <p>There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,</p>
         <p>Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.</p>
         <p>But come;</p>
         <p>Here, as before, never, so help you mercy,</p>
         <p>How strange or odd soe'er I bear myself,</p>
         <p>As I perchance hereafter shall think meet</p>
         <p>To put an antic disposition on,</p>
         <p>That you, at such times seeing me, never shall,</p>
         <p>With arms encumbered thus, or this headshake,</p>
         <p>Or by pronouncing of some doubtful phrase,</p>
         <p>As “ Well, well, we know,” or “ We could, an if we would,”</p>
         <p>Or “ If we list to speak,” or “ There be, an if they might,”</p>
         <p>Or such ambiguous giving out, to note</p>
         <p>That you know aught of me: this do swear,</p>
         <p>So grace and mercy at your most need help you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Swear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Rest, rest, perturbed spirit! So, gentlemen,</p>
         <p>With all my love I do commend me to you:</p>
         <p>And what so poor a man as Hamlet is</p>
         <p>May do, to express his love and friending to you,</p>
         <p>God willing, shall not lack. Let us go in together;</p>
         <p>And still your fingers on your lips, I pray.</p>
         <p>The time is out of joint: O cursed spite,</p>
         <p>That ever I was born to set it right!</p>
         <p>Nay, come, let's go together.</p>
         <p class="stage">They swear.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in Polonius' house.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter POLONIUS and REYNALDO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Give him this money and these notes, Reynaldo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>I will, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>You shall do marvellous wisely, good Reynaldo,</p>
         <p>Before you visit him, to make inquire</p>
         <p>Of his behaviour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>My lord, I did intend it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Marry, well said; very well said. Look you, sir,</p>
         <p>Inquire me first what Danskers are in Paris;</p>
         <p>And how, and who, what means, and where they keep,</p>
         <p>What company, at what expense; and finding</p>
         <p>By this encompassment and drift of question</p>
         <p>That they do know my son, come you more nearer</p>
         <p>Than your particular demands will touch it:</p>
         <p>Take you, as 'twere, some distant knowledge of him;</p>
         <p>As thus, “ I know his father and his friends,</p>
         <p>And in part him:” do you mark this, Reynaldo?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>Ay, very well, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>“ And in part him; but you may say “ not well:</p>
         <p>But, if't be he I mean, he's very wild;</p>
         <p>Addicted so and so:” and there put on him</p>
         <p>What forgeries you please; marry, none so rank</p>
         <p>As may dishonour him; take heed of that;</p>
         <p>But, sir, such wanton, wild and usual slips</p>
         <p>As are companions noted and most known</p>
         <p>To youth and liberty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>As gaming, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling,</p>
         <p>Drabbing: you may go so far.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>My lord, that would dishonour him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>'Faith, as you may season it in the charge.</p>
         <p>You must not put another scandal on him,</p>
         <p>That he is open to incontinency;</p>
         <p>That's not my meaning; but breathe his faults so quaintly</p>
         <p>That they may seem the taints of liberty,</p>
         <p>The flash and outbreak of a fiery mind,</p>
         <p>A savageness in unreclaimed blood,</p>
         <p>Of general assault.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>But, my good lord,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Wherefore should you do this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord,</p>
         <p>I would know that.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Marry, sir, here's my drift;</p>
         <p>And, I believe, it is a fetch of wit:</p>
         <p>You laying these slight sullies on my son,</p>
         <p>As 'twere a thing a little soiled wi' the working,</p>
         <p>Mark you,</p>
         <p>Your party in converse, him you would sound,</p>
         <p>Having ever seen in the prenominate crimes</p>
         <p>The youth you breathe of guilty, be assured</p>
         <p>He closes with you in this consequence;</p>
         <p>“ Good sir,” or so, or “ friend,” or “ gentleman,”</p>
         <p>According to the phrase or the addition</p>
         <p>Of man and country.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>Very good, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>And then, sir, does 'a this, 'a does what was I</p>
         <p>about to say? By the mass, I was about to say</p>
         <p>something: where did I leave?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>At “ closes in the consequence.”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>At “ closes in the consequence,” ay, marry;</p>
         <p>He closes thus: “ I know the gentleman;</p>
         <p>I saw him yesterday, or t' other day,</p>
         <p>Or then, or then; with such, or such; and, as you say,</p>
         <p>There was 'a gaming; there o'ertook in's rouse;</p>
         <p>There falling out at tennis:” or perchance,</p>
         <p>“ I saw him enter such a house of sale,”</p>
         <p>Videlicet, a brothel, or so forth.</p>
         <p>See you now;</p>
         <p>Your bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth:</p>
         <p>And thus do we of wisdom and of reach,</p>
         <p>With windlasses and with assays of bias,</p>
         <p>By indirections find directions out:</p>
         <p>So by my former lecture and advice,</p>
         <p>Shall you my son. You have me, have you not?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>My lord, I have.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>God buy ye; fare ye well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>Good my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Observe his inclination in yourself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>I shall, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>And let him ply his music.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Reynaldo</h3>
         <p>Well, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Farewell! How now, Ophelia! what's the matter?</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Reynaldo.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter OPHELIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>O, my lord, my lord, I have been so affrighted!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>With what, i' the name of God?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>My lord, as I was sewing in my closet,</p>
         <p>Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbraced;</p>
         <p>No hat upon his head; his stockings fouled,</p>
         <p>Ungartered, and down-gyved to his ancle;</p>
         <p>Pale as his shirt; his knees knocking each other;</p>
         <p>And with a look so piteous in purport</p>
         <p>As if he had been loosed out of hell</p>
         <p>To speak of horrors, he comes before me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Mad for thy love?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>My lord, I do not know;</p>
         <p>But truly, I do fear it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>What said he?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>He took me by the wrist and held me hard;</p>
         <p>Then goes he to the length of all his arm;</p>
         <p>And, with his other hand thus o'er his brow,</p>
         <p>He falls to such perusal of my face</p>
         <p>As he would draw it. Long stayed he so;</p>
         <p>At last, a little shaking of mine arm</p>
         <p>And thrice his head thus waving up and down,</p>
         <p>He raised a sigh so piteous and profound</p>
         <p>As it did seem to shatter all his bulk</p>
         <p>And end his being: that done, he lets me go:</p>
         <p>And, with his head over his shoulder turned,</p>
         <p>He seemed to find his way without his eyes;</p>
         <p>For out a' doors he went without their helps,</p>
         <p>And, to the last, bended their light on me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Come, go with me: I will go seek the king.</p>
         <p>This is the very ecstasy of love,</p>
         <p>Whose violent property fordoes itself</p>
         <p>And leads the will to desperate undertakings</p>
         <p>As oft as any passions under heaven</p>
         <p>That does afflict our natures. I am sorry.</p>
         <p>What, have you given him any hard words of late?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>No, my good lord, but, as you did command,</p>
         <p>I did repel his letters and denied</p>
         <p>His access to me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>That hath made him mad.</p>
         <p>I am sorry that with better heed and judgement</p>
         <p>I had not quoted him: I feared he did but trifle,</p>
         <p>And meant to wrack thee; but, beshrew my jealousy!</p>
         <p>By heaven, it is as proper to our age</p>
         <p>To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions</p>
         <p>As it is common for the younger sort</p>
         <p>To lack discretion. Come, go we to the king:</p>
         <p>This must be known; which, being kept close, might move</p>
         <p>More grief to hide than hate to utter love.</p>
         <p>Come.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter KING, QUEEN, ROSENCRANTZ,  GUILDENSTERN, and Attendants.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern!</p>
         <p>Moreover that we much did long to see you,</p>
         <p>The need we have to use you did provoke</p>
         <p>Our hasty sending. Something have you heard</p>
         <p>Of Hamlet's transformation; so call it,</p>
         <p>Sith nor the exterior nor the inward man</p>
         <p>Resembles that it was. What it should be,</p>
         <p>More than his father's death, that thus hath put him</p>
         <p>So much from the understanding of himself,</p>
         <p>I cannot dream of: I entreat you both,</p>
         <p>That, being of so young days brought up with him,</p>
         <p>And sith so neighboured to his youth and haviour,</p>
         <p>That you vouchsafe your rest here in our court</p>
         <p>Some little time: so by your companies</p>
         <p>To draw him on to pleasures, and to gather,</p>
         <p>So much as from occasion you may glean,</p>
         <p>Whether aught, to us unknown, afflicts him thus,</p>
         <p>That, opened, lies within our remedy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Good gentlemen, he hath much talked of you;</p>
         <p>And sure I am two men there is not living</p>
         <p>To whom he more adheres. If it will please you</p>
         <p>To show us so much gentry and good will</p>
         <p>As to expend your time with us awhile,</p>
         <p>For the supply and profit of our hope,</p>
         <p>Your visitation shall receive such thanks</p>
         <p>As fits a king's remembrance.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Both your majesties</p>
         <p>Might, by the sovereign power you have of us,</p>
         <p>Put your dread pleasures more into command</p>
         <p>Than to entreaty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>But we both obey,</p>
         <p>And here give up ourselves, in the full bent</p>
         <p>To lay our service freely at your feet,</p>
         <p>To be commanded.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Thanks, Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz:</p>
         <p>And I beseech you instantly to visit</p>
         <p>My too much changed son. Go, some of you,</p>
         <p>And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Heavens make our presence and our practices</p>
         <p>Pleasant and helpful to him!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Ay, amen!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Rosencrantz, Guildenstern, and some Attendants.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter POLONIUS.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>The ambassadors from Norway, my good lord,</p>
         <p>Are joyfully returned.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Thou still hast been the father of good news.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Have I, my lord? I assure my good liege,</p>
         <p>I hold my duty, as I hold my soul,</p>
         <p>Both to my God and to my gracious king:</p>
         <p>And I do think, or else this brain of mine</p>
         <p>Hunts not the trail of policy so sure</p>
         <p>As it hath used to do, that I have found</p>
         <p>The very cause of Hamlet's lunacy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>O, speak of that; that do I long to hear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Give first admittance to the ambassadors;</p>
         <p>My news shall be the fruit to that great feast.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Thyself do grace to them, and bring them in.</p>
         <p>He tells me, my dear Gertrude, he hath found</p>
         <p>The head and source of all your son's distemper.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Polonius. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>I doubt it is no other but the main;</p>
         <p>His father's death, and our o'erhasty marriage.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Well, we shall sift him. Welcome, my good friends!</p>
         <p>Say, Voltimand, what from our brother Norway?</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter POLONIUS, with VOLTIMAND and CORNELIUS.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Voltimand</h3>
         <p>Most fair return of greetings and desires.</p>
         <p>Upon our first, he sent out to suppress</p>
         <p>His nephew's levies; which to him appeared</p>
         <p>To be a preparation 'gainst the Polack;</p>
         <p>But, better looked into, he truly found</p>
         <p>It was against your highness: whereat grieved,</p>
         <p>That so his sickness, age and impotence</p>
         <p>Was falsely borne in hand, sends out arrests</p>
         <p>On Fortinbras; which he, in brief, obeys;</p>
         <p>Receives rebuke from Norway, and in fine</p>
         <p>Makes vow before his uncle never more</p>
         <p>To give the assay of arms against your majesty.</p>
         <p>Whereon old Norway, overcome with joy,</p>
         <p>Gives him threescore thousand crowns in annual fee,</p>
         <p>And his commission to employ those soldiers,</p>
         <p>So levied as before, against the Polack:</p>
         <p>With an entreaty, herein further shown,</p>
         <p>That it might please you to give quiet pass</p>
         <p>Through your dominions for this enterprise,</p>
         <p>On such regards of safety and allowance</p>
         <p>As therein are set down.</p>
         <p class="stage">Giving a paper.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>It likes us well;</p>
         <p>And at our more considered time we'll read,</p>
         <p>Answer, and think upon this business.</p>
         <p>Meantime we thank you for your well-took labour:</p>
         <p>Go to your rest; at night we'll feast together:</p>
         <p>Most welcome home!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Voltimand and Cornelius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>This business is well ended.</p>
         <p>My liege, and madam, to expostulate</p>
         <p>What majesty should be, what duty is,</p>
         <p>Why day is day, night night, and time is time,</p>
         <p>Were nothing but to waste night, day and time.</p>
         <p>Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit,</p>
         <p>And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">I will be brief: your noble son is mad:</p>
         <p>Mad call I it; for, to define true madness,</p>
         <p>What is't but to be nothing else but mad?</p>
         <p>But let that go.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>More matter, with less art.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Madam, I swear I use no art at all.</p>
         <p>That he's mad, 'tis true: 'tis true 'tis pity;</p>
         <p>And pity 'tis 'tis true: a foolish figure;</p>
         <p>But farewell it, for I will use no art.</p>
         <p>Mad let us grant him, then: and now remains</p>
         <p>That we find out the cause of this effect,</p>
         <p>Or rather say, the cause of this defect,</p>
         <p>For this effect defective comes by cause:</p>
         <p>Thus it remains, and the remainder thus.</p>
         <p>Perpend.</p>
         <p>I have a daughter — have while she is mine</p>
         <p>Who, in her duty and obedience, mark,</p>
         <p>Hath given me this: now gather, and surmise.</p>
         <p>“ To the celestial and my soul's idol, the most</p>
         <p>beautified Ophelia,” — That's an ill phrase, a</p>
         <p>vile phrase; “ beautified ” is a vile phrase: but</p>
         <p>you shall hear. Thus:</p>
         <p>“ In her excellent white bosom, these, etc. ”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Came this from Hamlet to her?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Good madam, stay awhile; I will be faithful.</p>
         <p>“ O dear Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers; I</p>
         <p>have not art to reckon my groans: but that I love</p>
         <p>thee best, O most best, believe it. Adieu. “ Thine</p>
         <p>evermore, most dear lady, whilst this machine is to</p>
         <p>him, HAMLET.</p>
         <p>This, in obedience, hath my daughter shown me,</p>
         <p>And more above, hath his solicitings,</p>
         <p>As they fell out by time, by means and place,</p>
         <p>All given to mine ear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>But how hath she</p>
         <p>Received his love?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>What do you think of me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>As of a man faithful and honourable.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>I would fain prove so. But what might you think,</p>
         <p>When I had seen this hot love on the wing</p>
         <p>As I perceived it, I must tell you that,</p>
         <p>Before my daughter told me — what might you,</p>
         <p>Or my dear majesty your queen here, think,</p>
         <p>If I had played the desk or table-book,</p>
         <p>Or given my heart a winking, mute and dumb,</p>
         <p>Or looked upon this love with idle sight;</p>
         <p>What might you think? No, I went round to work,</p>
         <p>And my young mistress thus I did bespeak:</p>
         <p>“ Lord Hamlet is a prince, out of thy star;</p>
         <p>This must not be:” and then I prescripts gave her,</p>
         <p>That she should lock herself from his resort,</p>
         <p>Admit no messengers, receive no tokens.</p>
         <p>Which done, she took the fruits of my advice;</p>
         <p>And he repelled, a short tale to make</p>
         <p>Fell into a sadness, then into a fast,</p>
         <p>Thence to a watch, thence into a weakness,</p>
         <p>Thence to a lightness, and, by this declension,</p>
         <p>Into the madness wherein now he raves,</p>
         <p>And all we mourn for.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Do you think 'tis this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>It may be, very like.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Hath there been such a time I would fain know that</p>
         <p>That I have positively said “ 'Tis so,”</p>
         <p>When it proved otherwise?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Not that I know.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Take this from this, if this be otherwise:</p>
         <p>If circumstances lead me, I will find</p>
         <p>Where truth is hid, though it were hid indeed</p>
         <p>Within the centre.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>How may we try it further?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>You know, sometimes he walks four hours together</p>
         <p>Here in the lobby.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>So he does indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>At such a time I'll loose my daughter to him:</p>
         <p>Be you and I behind an arras then;</p>
         <p>Mark the encounter: if he love her not</p>
         <p>And be not from his reason fall'n thereon,</p>
         <p>Let me be no assistant for a state,</p>
         <p>But keep a farm and carters.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>We will try it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>But, look, where sadly the poor wretch comes reading.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Away, I do beseech you, both away:</p>
         <p>I'll board him presently.</p>
         <p>O, give me leave:</p>
         <p>How does my good Lord Hamlet?</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt King, Queen, and Attendants.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HAMLET, reading.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Well, God-a-mercy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Do you know me, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Excellent well; you are a fishmonger.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Not I, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Then I would you were so honest a man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Honest, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, sir; to be honest, as this world goes, is to be</p>
         <p>one man picked out of ten thousand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>That's very true, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>For if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog, being a</p>
         <p>good kissing carrion, Have you a daughter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>I have, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Let her not walk i' the sun: conception is a</p>
         <p>blessing: but as your daughter may conceive. Friend,</p>
         <p>look to't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>How say you by that? Still harping on my daughter:</p>
         <p>yet he knew me not at first; 'a said I was a</p>
         <p>fishmonger: 'a is far gone; and truly in my youth</p>
         <p>I suffered much extremity for love; very near</p>
         <p>this. I'll speak to him again. What do you read, my</p>
         <p>lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Words, words, words.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>What is the matter, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Between who?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Slanders, sir: for the satirical rogue says here</p>
         <p>that old men have grey beards, that their faces</p>
         <p>are wrinkled, their eyes purging thick amber and</p>
         <p>plum-tree gum and that they have a plentiful lack</p>
         <p>of wit, together with most weak hams: all which,</p>
         <p>sir, though I most powerfully and potently believe,</p>
         <p>yet I hold it not honesty to have it thus set</p>
         <p>down, for yourself, sir, shall grow old as I am, if</p>
         <p>like a crab you could go backward.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Though this be madness, yet there is method in't. Will</p>
         <p>you walk out of the air, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Into my grave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Indeed, that's out of the air.</p>
         <p>How pregnant sometimes his replies are! a happiness</p>
         <p>that often madness hits on, which reason and</p>
         <p>sanity could not so prosperously be delivered</p>
         <p>of. I will leave him, and suddenly contrive the</p>
         <p>means of meeting between him and my daughter. My lord,</p>
         <p>I will take my leave of you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">You cannot take from me any thing that I will</p>
         <p class="textInsult">not more willingly part withal: except my life, except</p>
         <p>my life, except my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Fare you well, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">These tedious old fools!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>You go to seek the Lord Hamlet; there he is.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>God save you, sir!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>My honoured lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>My most dear lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>My excellent good friends! How dost thou,</p>
         <p>Guildenstern? Ah, Rosencrantz! Good lads, how do you</p>
         <p>both?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>As the indifferent children of the earth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Happy, in that we are not overhappy; On fortune's cap</p>
         <p>we are not the very button.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nor the soles of her shoe?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Neither, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her</p>
         <p>favours?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>'Faith, her privates we.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>In the secret parts of fortune? O, most true; she is a</p>
         <p>strumpet. What news?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>None, my lord, but the world's grown honest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Then is doomsday near: but your news is not true.</p>
         <p>Let me question more in particular: what have</p>
         <p>you, my good friends, deserved at the hands of</p>
         <p>fortune, that she sends you to prison hither?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Prison, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Denmark's a prison.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Then is the world one.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A goodly one; in which there are many confines, wards</p>
         <p>and dungeons, Denmark being one o' the worst.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>We think not so, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, then, 'tis none to you; for there is nothing</p>
         <p>either good or bad, but thinking makes it so: to me it</p>
         <p>is a prison.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Why then, your ambition makes it one; 'tis too narrow</p>
         <p>for your mind.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count</p>
         <p>myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I</p>
         <p>have bad dreams.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Which dreams indeed are ambition, for the very</p>
         <p>substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a</p>
         <p>dream.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A dream itself is but a shadow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Truly, and I hold ambition of so airy and light a</p>
         <p>quality that it is but a shadow's shadow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Then are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs</p>
         <p>and outstretched heroes the beggars' shadows.</p>
         <p>Shall we to the court? for, by my fay, I cannot</p>
         <p>reason.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz and Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>We'll wait upon you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No such matter: I will not sort you with the rest</p>
         <p>of my servants, for, to speak to you like an</p>
         <p>honest man, I am most dreadfully attended. But,</p>
         <p>in the beaten way of friendship, what make you at</p>
         <p>Elsinore?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>To visit you, my lord; no other occasion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Beggar that I am, I am even poor in thanks; but</p>
         <p>I thank you: and sure, dear friends, my thanks</p>
         <p>are too dear a halfpenny. Were you not sent for?</p>
         <p>Is it your own inclining? Is it a free visitation?</p>
         <p>Come, come deal justly with me: come, come; nay,</p>
         <p>speak.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>What should we say, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Any thing, but to the purpose. You were sent for;</p>
         <p>and there is a kind of confession in your looks</p>
         <p>which your modesties have not craft enough to</p>
         <p>colour: I know the good king and queen have sent for</p>
         <p>you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>To what end, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That you must teach me. But let me conjure you,</p>
         <p>by the rights of our fellowship, by the consonancy</p>
         <p>of our youth, by the obligation of our ever-preserved</p>
         <p>love, and by what more dear a better proposer</p>
         <p>can charge you withal, be even and direct with me,</p>
         <p>whether you were sent for, or no?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>What say you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, then, I have an eye of you. If you love me, hold</p>
         <p>not off.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>My lord, we were sent for.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I will tell you why; so shall my anticipation</p>
         <p>prevent your discovery, and your secrecy to the</p>
         <p>king and queen moult no feather. I have of late — but</p>
         <p>wherefore I know not lost all my mirth, forgone</p>
         <p>all custom of exercises; and indeed it goes so</p>
         <p>heavily with my disposition that this goodly</p>
         <p>frame, the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory,</p>
         <p>this most excellent canopy, the air, look you,</p>
         <p>this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical</p>
         <p>roof fretted with golden fire, why, it appeareth</p>
         <p>nothing to me but a foul and pestilent congregation</p>
         <p>of vapours. What a piece of work is a man! how</p>
         <p>noble in reason! how infinite in faculties! in</p>
         <p>form and moving how express and admirable! in</p>
         <p>action how like an angel! in apprehension how</p>
         <p>like a god! the beauty of the world! the paragon</p>
         <p>of animals! And yet, to me, what is this quintessence</p>
         <p>of dust? man delights not me: nor women neither,</p>
         <p>though by your smiling you seem to say so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>My lord, there was no such stuff in my thoughts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why did ye laugh then, when I said “ man delights not</p>
         <p>me ”?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>To think, my lord, if you delight not in man,</p>
         <p>what lenten entertainment the players shall</p>
         <p>receive from you: we coted them on the way; and hither</p>
         <p>are they coming, to offer you service.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>He that plays the king shall be welcome; his</p>
         <p>majesty shall have tribute on me; the adventurous</p>
         <p>knight shall use his foil and target; the lover</p>
         <p>shall not sigh gratis; the humorous man shall</p>
         <p>end his part in peace; the clown shall make those</p>
         <p>laugh whose lungs are tickle a' the sere; and</p>
         <p>the lady shall say her mind freely, or the blank verse</p>
         <p>shall halt for't. What players are they?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Even those you were wont to take such delight in, the</p>
         <p>tragedians of the city.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How chances it they travel? their residence, both in</p>
         <p>reputation and profit, was better both ways.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>I think their inhibition comes by the means of the</p>
         <p>late innovation.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was</p>
         <p>in the city? are they so followed?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>No, indeed, are they not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How comes it? do they grow rusty?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Nay, their endeavour keeps in the wonted pace:</p>
         <p>but there is, sir, an aery of children, little</p>
         <p>eyases, that cry out on the top of question, and</p>
         <p>are most tyrannically clapped for't: these are</p>
         <p>now the fashion, and so berattle the common</p>
         <p>stages — so they call them that many wearing rapiers</p>
         <p>are afraid of goose-quills and dare scarce come</p>
         <p>thither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What, are they children? who maintains 'em? how</p>
         <p>are they escoted? Will they pursue the quality</p>
         <p>no longer than they can sing? will they not say</p>
         <p>afterwards, if they should grow themselves to</p>
         <p>common players as it is most like, if their means</p>
         <p>are no better their writers do them wrong, to make</p>
         <p>them exclaim against their own succession?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>'Faith, there has been much to do on both sides;</p>
         <p>and the nation holds it no sin to tarre them to</p>
         <p>controversy: there was, for a while, no money</p>
         <p>bid for argument, unless the poet and the player went</p>
         <p>to cuffs in the question.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Is't possible?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>O, there has been much throwing about of brains.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Do the boys carry it away?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Ay, that they do, my lord; Hercules and his load too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It is not very strange; for my uncle is king of</p>
         <p>Denmark, and those that would make mouths at him</p>
         <p>while my father lived, give twenty, forty, fifty,</p>
         <p>an hundred ducats a-piece for his picture in</p>
         <p>little. 'Sblood, there is something in this more than</p>
         <p>natural, if philosophy could find it out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>There are the players.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Gentlemen, you are welcome to Elsinore. Your</p>
         <p>hands, come then: the appurtenance of welcome is</p>
         <p>fashion and ceremony: let me comply with you in</p>
         <p>this garb, lest my extent to the players, which,</p>
         <p>I tell you, must show fairly outward, should more</p>
         <p>appear like entertainment than yours. You are</p>
         <p>welcome: but my uncle-father and aunt-mother are</p>
         <p>deceived.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>In what, my dear lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I am but mad north-north-west: when the wind is</p>
         <p>southerly I know a hawk from a handsaw.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Well be with you, gentlemen!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Hark you, Guildenstern; and you too: at each ear</p>
         <p class="textInsult">a hearer: that great baby you see there is not yet out</p>
         <p class="textInsult">of his swaddling-clouts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Happily he is the second time come to them; for they</p>
         <p>say an old man is twice a child.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I will prophesy he comes to tell me of the players;</p>
         <p>mark it. You say right, sir: a' Monday morning; 'twas</p>
         <p>then indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>My lord, I have news to tell you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>My lord, I have news to tell you. When Roscius was an</p>
         <p>actor in Rome,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>The actors are come hither, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Buzz, buzz!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Upon my honour,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Then came each actor on his ass,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>The best actors in the world, either for tragedy,</p>
         <p>comedy, history, pastoral, pastoral-comical,</p>
         <p>historical-pastoral, tragical-historical,</p>
         <p>tragical-comical-historical-pastoral, scene</p>
         <p>individable, or poem unlimited: Seneca cannot be</p>
         <p>too heavy, nor Plautus too light. For the law of writ</p>
         <p>and the liberty, these are the only men.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O Jephthah, judge of Israel, what a treasure hadst</p>
         <p>thou!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>What a treasure had he, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Still on my daughter.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Am I not i' the right, old Jephthah?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter</p>
         <p>that I love passing well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, that follows not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>What follows then, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why,</p>
         <p>“ As by lot, God wot,”</p>
         <p>and then, you know,</p>
         <p>“ It came to pass, as most like it was,”</p>
         <p>the first row of the pious chanson will show you more;</p>
         <p>for look, where my abridgement comes.</p>
         <p>You are welcome, masters; welcome all. I am glad</p>
         <p>to see thee well. Welcome, good friends. O, old</p>
         <p>friend! Why, thy face is valanced since I saw</p>
         <p>thee last: comest thou to beard me in Denmark?</p>
         <p>What, my young lady and mistress! By'r lady, your</p>
         <p>ladyship is nearer to heaven than when I saw you</p>
         <p>last, by the altitude of a chopine. Pray God,</p>
         <p>your voice, like a piece of uncurrent gold, be</p>
         <p>not cracked within the ring. Masters, you are</p>
         <p>all welcome. We'll e'en to't like French falconers,</p>
         <p>fly at any thing we see: we'll have a speech</p>
         <p>straight: come, give us a taste of your quality; come,</p>
         <p>a passionate speech.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
         <p>What speech, my good lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I heard thee speak me a speech once, but it was</p>
         <p>never acted; or, if it was, not above once; for</p>
         <p>the play, I remember, pleased not the million;</p>
         <p>'twas caviare to the general: but it was — as I</p>
         <p>received it, and others, whose judgements in such</p>
         <p>matters cried in the top of mine — an excellent</p>
         <p>play, well digested in the scenes, set down with</p>
         <p>as much modesty as cunning. I remember, one said</p>
         <p>there were no sallets in the lines to make the</p>
         <p>matter savoury, nor no matter in the phrase that</p>
         <p>might indict the author of affectation; but called</p>
         <p>it an honest method, as wholesome as sweet, and</p>
         <p>by very much more handsome than fine. One speech</p>
         <p>in't I chiefly loved: 'twas AEneas' tale to</p>
         <p>Dido; and thereabout of it especially, where he</p>
         <p>speaks of Priam's slaughter: if it live in your</p>
         <p>memory, begin at this line: let me see, let me see</p>
         <p>'tis not so: it begins with Pyrrhus:</p>
         <p>So, proceed you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>'Fore God, my lord, well spoken, with good accent and</p>
         <p>good discretion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>This is too long.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It shall to the barber's, with your beard. Prithee,</p>
         <p>say on: he's for a jig or a tale of bawdry, or he</p>
         <p>sleeps: say on: come to Hecuba.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>“ The mobled queen?”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>That's good; “ mobled queen ” is good.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Look, whether he has not turned his colour and has</p>
         <p>tears in's eyes. Prithee, no more.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>'Tis well; I'll have thee speak out the rest of</p>
         <p>this soon. Good my lord, will you see the players</p>
         <p>well bestowed? Do you hear, let them be well</p>
         <p>used; for they are the abstract and brief chronicles</p>
         <p>of the time: after your death you were better</p>
         <p>have a bad epitaph than their ill report while you</p>
         <p>live.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>My lord, I will use them according to their desert.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>God's bodkin, man, much better: use every man</p>
         <p>after his desert, and who shall scape whipping?</p>
         <p>Use them after your own honour and dignity: the</p>
         <p>less they deserve, the more merit is in your bounty.</p>
         <p>Take them in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Come, sirs.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Follow him, friends: we'll hear a play to-morrow.</p>
         <p>Dost thou hear me, old friend; can you play the Murder</p>
         <p>of Gonzago?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>We'll ha't to-morrow night. You could, for need,</p>
         <p>study a speech of some dozen or sixteen lines,</p>
         <p>which I would set down and insert in't, could you not?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Very well. Follow that lord; and look you mock</p>
         <p>him not.</p>
         <p>My good friends, I'll leave you till night: you are</p>
         <p>welcome to Elsinore.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Good my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, so, God buy to you; Now I am alone.</p>
         <p>O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I!</p>
         <p>Is it not monstrous that this player here,</p>
         <p>But in a fiction, in a dream of passion,</p>
         <p>Could force his soul so to his own conceit</p>
         <p>That from her working all the visage wanned,</p>
         <p>Tears in his eyes, distraction in his aspect,</p>
         <p>A broken voice, and his whole function suiting</p>
         <p>With forms to his conceit? and all for nothing!</p>
         <p>For Hecuba!</p>
         <p>What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba,</p>
         <p>That he should weep for her? What would he do,</p>
         <p>Had he the motive and the cue for passion</p>
         <p>That I have? He would drown the stage with tears</p>
         <p>And cleave the general ear with horrid speech,</p>
         <p>Make mad the guilty and appall the free,</p>
         <p>Confound the ignorant, and amaze indeed</p>
         <p>The very faculties of eyes and ears. Yet I,</p>
         <p>A dull and muddy-mettled rascal, peak,</p>
         <p>Like John-a-dreams, unpregnant of my cause,</p>
         <p>And can say nothing; no, not for a king,</p>
         <p>Upon whose property and most dear life</p>
         <p>A damned defeat was made. Am I a coward?</p>
         <p>Who calls me villain? breaks my pate across?</p>
         <p>Plucks off my beard, and blows it in my face?</p>
         <p>Tweaks me by the nose? gives me the lie i' the throat,</p>
         <p>As deep as to the lungs? who does me this?</p>
         <p>Ha!</p>
         <p>'Swounds, I should take it: for it cannot be</p>
         <p class="textInsult">But I am pigeon-livered and lack gall</p>
         <p>To make oppression bitter, or ere this</p>
         <p>I should ha' fatted all the region kites</p>
         <p>With this slave's offal: bloody, bawdy villain!</p>
         <p>Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!</p>
         <p>Why, what an ass am I! This is most brave,</p>
         <p>That I, the son of a dear father murdered,</p>
         <p>Prompted to my revenge by heaven and hell,</p>
         <p>Must, like a whore, unpack my heart with words,</p>
         <p>And fall a-cursing, like a very drab,</p>
         <p>A stallion! Fie upon't! foh!</p>
         <p>About, my brains! Hum — I have heard</p>
         <p>That guilty creatures sitting at a play</p>
         <p>Have by the very cunning of the scene</p>
         <p>Been struck so to the soul that presently</p>
         <p>They have proclaimed their malefactions;</p>
         <p>For murder, though it have no tongue, will speak</p>
         <p>With most miraculous organ. I'll have these players</p>
         <p>Play something like the murder of my father</p>
         <p>Before mine uncle: I'll observe his looks;</p>
         <p>I'll tent him to the quick: if 'a do blench,</p>
         <p>I know my course. The spirit that I have seen</p>
         <p>May be a devil: and the devil hath power</p>
         <p>To assume a pleasing shape; yea, and perhaps</p>
         <p>Out of my weakness and my melancholy,</p>
         <p>As he is very potent with such spirits,</p>
         <p>Abuses me to damn me: I'll have grounds</p>
         <p>More relative than this: the play's the thing</p>
         <p>Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter KING, QUEEN, POLONIUS, OPHELIA, ROSENCRANTZ, and  GUILDENSTERN.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>And can you, by no drift of conference,</p>
         <p>Get from him why he puts on this confusion,</p>
         <p>Grating so harshly all his days of quiet</p>
         <p>With turbulent and dangerous lunacy?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>He does confess he feels himself distracted;</p>
         <p>But from what cause 'a will by no means speak.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Nor do we find him forward to be sounded,</p>
         <p>But, with a crafty madness, keeps aloof,</p>
         <p>When we would bring him on to some confession</p>
         <p>Of his true state.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Did he receive you well?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Most like a gentleman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>But with much forcing of his disposition.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Niggard of question; but, of our demands,</p>
         <p>Most free in his reply.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Did you assay him</p>
         <p>To any pastime?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Madam, it so fell out, that certain players</p>
         <p>We o'erraught on the way: of these we told him;</p>
         <p>And there did seem in him a kind of joy</p>
         <p>To hear of it: they are here about the court,</p>
         <p>And, as I think, they have already order</p>
         <p>This night to play before him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>'Tis most true:</p>
         <p>And he beseeched me to entreat your majesties</p>
         <p>To hear and see the matter.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>With all my heart; and it doth much content me</p>
         <p>To hear him so inclined.</p>
         <p>Good gentlemen, give him a further edge,</p>
         <p>And drive his purpose into these delights.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>We shall, my lord.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Rosencranlz and Guildenstern.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Sweet Gertrude, leave us two;</p>
         <p>For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither,</p>
         <p>That he, as 'twere by accident, may here</p>
         <p>Affront Ophelia: Her father and myself</p>
         <p>We'll so bestow ourselves that, seeing, unseen,</p>
         <p>We may of their encounter frankly judge,</p>
         <p>And gather by him, as he is behaved,</p>
         <p>If't be the affliction of his love or no</p>
         <p>That thus he suffers for.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>I shall obey you.</p>
         <p>And for your part, Ophelia, I do wish</p>
         <p>That your good beauties be the happy cause</p>
         <p>Of Hamlet's wildness: so shall I hope your virtues</p>
         <p>Will bring him to his wonted way again,</p>
         <p>To both your honours.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Madam, I wish it may.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Queen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Ophelia, walk you here. Gracious, so please you,</p>
         <p>We will bestow ourselves. Read on this book;</p>
         <p>That show of such an exercise may colour</p>
         <p>Your loneliness. We are oft to blame in this,</p>
         <p>'Tis too much proved — that with devotion's visage</p>
         <p>And pious action we do sugar o'er</p>
         <p>The devil himself.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Ophelia</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>O, 'tis too true!</p>
         <p>How smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience!</p>
         <p>The harlot's cheek, beautied with plastering art,</p>
         <p>Is not more ugly to the thing that helps it</p>
         <p>Than is my deed to my most painted word:</p>
         <p>O heavy burden!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>I hear him coming: withdraw, my lord.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt King and Polonius. </p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HAMLET.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>To be, or not to be: that is the question:</p>
         <p>Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer</p>
         <p>The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,</p>
         <p>Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,</p>
         <p>And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep;</p>
         <p>No more; and by a sleep to say we end</p>
         <p>The heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks</p>
         <p>That flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation</p>
         <p>Devoutly to be wished. To die, to sleep;</p>
         <p>To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;</p>
         <p>For in that sleep of death what dreams may come</p>
         <p>When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,</p>
         <p>Must give us pause: there's the respect</p>
         <p>That makes calamity of so long life;</p>
         <p>For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,</p>
         <p>The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,</p>
         <p>The pangs of despised love, the law's delay,</p>
         <p>The insolence of office and the spurns</p>
         <p>That patient merit of the unworthy takes,</p>
         <p>When he himself might his quietus make</p>
         <p>With a bare bodkin? who would fardels bear,</p>
         <p>To grunt and sweat under a weary life,</p>
         <p>But that the dread of something after death,</p>
         <p>The undiscovered country from whose bourn</p>
         <p>No traveller returns, puzzles the will</p>
         <p>And makes us rather bear those ills we have</p>
         <p>Than fly to others that we know not of?</p>
         <p>Thus conscience does make cowards of us all;</p>
         <p>And thus the native hue of resolution</p>
         <p>Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,</p>
         <p>And enterprises of great pitch and moment</p>
         <p>With this regard their currents turn awry,</p>
         <p>And lose the name of action. — Soft you now!</p>
         <p>The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisons</p>
         <p>Be all my sins remembered.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Good my lord,</p>
         <p>How does your honour for this many a day?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I humbly thank you; well, well, well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>My lord, I have remembrances of yours,</p>
         <p>That I have longed long to redeliver;</p>
         <p>I pray you, now receive them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, not I;</p>
         <p>I never gave you aught.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>My honoured lord, you know right well you did;</p>
         <p>And, with them, words of so sweet breath composed</p>
         <p>As made these things more rich: their perfume lost,</p>
         <p>Take these again; for to the noble mind</p>
         <p>Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.</p>
         <p>There, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ha, ha! are you honest?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>My lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Are you fair?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>What means your lordship?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That if you be honest and fair, your honesty should</p>
         <p>admit no discourse to your beauty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with</p>
         <p>honesty?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, truly; for the power of beauty will sooner</p>
         <p>transform honesty from what it is to a bawd than</p>
         <p>the force of honesty can translate beauty into</p>
         <p>his likeness: this was sometime a paradox, but now the</p>
         <p>time gives it proof. I did love you once.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>You should not have believed me; for virtue cannot</p>
         <p>so inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it:</p>
         <p>I loved you not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>I was the more deceived.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Get thee to a nunnery: why wouldst thou be a</p>
         <p>breeder of sinners? I am myself indifferent</p>
         <p>honest; but yet I could accuse me of such things</p>
         <p>that it were better my mother had not borne me:</p>
         <p>I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more</p>
         <p>offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put</p>
         <p>them in, imagination to give them shape, or time</p>
         <p>to act them in. What should such fellows as I do</p>
         <p>crawling between earth and heaven? We are arrant</p>
         <p>knaves, believe none of us. Go thy ways to a nunnery.</p>
         <p>Where's your father?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>At home, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Let the doors be shut upon him, that I moved the start of this insult up a bit he
            may play the</p>
         <p class="textInsult">fool no where but in's own house. Farewell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>O, help him, you sweet heavens!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>If thou dost marry, I'll give thee this plague</p>
         <p>for thy dowry: be thou as chaste as ice, as pure</p>
         <p class="textInsult">as snow, thou shalt not escape calumny. Get thee</p>
         <p class="textInsult">to a nunnery, farewell. Or, if thou wilt needs</p>
         <p>marry, marry a fool; for wise men know well enough</p>
         <p>what monsters you make of them. To a nunnery, go, and</p>
         <p>quickly too. Farewell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Heavenly powers, restore him!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I have heard of your paintings well enough; God</p>
         <p>hath given you one face, and you make yourselves</p>
         <p>another: you jig and amble, and you lisp, you</p>
         <p>nickname God's creatures, and make your wantonness</p>
         <p>your ignorance. Go to, I'll no more on't; it hath</p>
         <p>made me mad. I say, we will have no more marriage:</p>
         <p>those that are married already, all but one,</p>
         <p>shall live; the rest shall keep as they are. To a</p>
         <p>nunnery, go.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>O, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown!</p>
         <p>The courtier's, soldier's, scholar's, eye, tongue, sword;</p>
         <p>The expectation and rose of the fair state,</p>
         <p>The glass of fashion and the mould of form,</p>
         <p>The observed of all observers, quite, quite down!</p>
         <p>And I, of ladies most deject and wretched,</p>
         <p>That sucked the honey of his music vows,</p>
         <p>Now see that noble and most sovereign reason,</p>
         <p>Like sweet bells jangled, out of time and harsh;</p>
         <p>That unmatched form and stature of blown youth</p>
         <p>Blasted with ecstasy: O, woe is me,</p>
         <p>To have seen what I have seen, see what I see!</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter KING and POLONIUS.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Love! his affections do not that way tend;</p>
         <p>Nor what he spake, though it lacked form a little,</p>
         <p>Was not like madness. There's something in his soul,</p>
         <p>o'er which his melancholy sits on brood;</p>
         <p>And I do doubt the hatch and the disclose</p>
         <p>Will be some danger: which for to prevent,</p>
         <p>I have in quick determination</p>
         <p>Thus set it down: he shall with speed to England,</p>
         <p>For the demand of our neglected tribute:</p>
         <p>Haply the seas and countries different</p>
         <p>With variable objects shall expel</p>
         <p>This something-settled matter in his heart,</p>
         <p>Whereon his brains still beating puts him thus</p>
         <p>From fashion of himself. What think you on't?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>It shall do well: but yet do I believe</p>
         <p>The origin and commencement of his grief</p>
         <p>Sprung from neglected love. How now, Ophelia!</p>
         <p>You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said;</p>
         <p>We heard it all. My lord, do as you please;</p>
         <p>But, if you hold it fit, after the play</p>
         <p>Let his queen-mother all alone entreat him</p>
         <p>To show his grief: let her be round with him;</p>
         <p>And I'll be placed, so please you, in the ear</p>
         <p>Of all their conference. If she find him not,</p>
         <p>To England send him, or confine him where</p>
         <p>Your wisdom best shall think.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>It shall be so:</p>
         <p>Madness in great ones must not unwatched go.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A hall in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter HAMLET and Players.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Speak the speech, I pray you, as I pronounced it</p>
         <p>to you, trippingly on the tongue: but if you</p>
         <p>mouth it, as many of our players do, I had as</p>
         <p>lief the town-crier spoke my lines. Nor do not</p>
         <p>saw the air too much with your hand, thus, but</p>
         <p>use all gently; for in the very torrent, tempest,</p>
         <p>and, as I may say, whirlwind of your passion,</p>
         <p>you must acquire and beget a temperance that may</p>
         <p>give it smoothness. O, it offends me to the soul</p>
         <p>to hear a robustious periwig-pated fellow tear</p>
         <p>a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the</p>
         <p>ears of the groundlings, who for the most part</p>
         <p>are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb</p>
         <p>shows and noise: I would have such a fellow</p>
         <p>whipped for o'erdoing Termagant; it out-herods Herod:</p>
         <p>pray you, avoid it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
         <p>I warrant your honour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Be not too tame neither, but let your own discretion</p>
         <p>be your tutor: suit the action to the word, the</p>
         <p>word to the action; with this special observance,</p>
         <p>that you o'erstep not the modesty of nature: for</p>
         <p>any thing so overdone is from the purpose of</p>
         <p>playing, whose end, both at the first and now,</p>
         <p>was and is, to hold as 'twere, the mirror up to</p>
         <p>nature; to show virtue her feature, scorn her</p>
         <p>own image, and the very age and body of the time</p>
         <p>his form and pressure. Now this overdone, or come</p>
         <p>tardy off, though it makes the unskilful laugh,</p>
         <p>cannot but make the judicious grieve; the censure</p>
         <p>of which one must in your allowance o'erweigh a</p>
         <p>whole theatre of others. O, there be players that</p>
         <p>I have seen play, and heard others praise, and</p>
         <p>that highly, not to speak it profanely, that,</p>
         <p>neither having the accent of Christians nor the</p>
         <p>gait of Christian, pagan, nor man, have so strutted</p>
         <p>and bellowed that I have thought some of nature's</p>
         <p>journeymen had made men and not made them well, they</p>
         <p>imitated humanity so abominably.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Player</h3>
         <p>I hope we have reformed that indifferently with us,</p>
         <p>sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O, reform it altogether. And let those that play</p>
         <p>your clowns speak no more than is set down for</p>
         <p>them; for there be of them that will themselves</p>
         <p>laugh, to set on some quantity of barren spectators</p>
         <p>to laugh too; though, in the meantime, some</p>
         <p>necessary question of the play be then to be</p>
         <p>considered: that's villainous, and shows a most</p>
         <p>pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it. Go, make</p>
         <p>you ready.</p>
         <p>How now, my lord! will the king hear this piece of</p>
         <p>work?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>And the queen too, and that presently.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Bid the players make haste.</p>
         <p>Will you two help to hasten them?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz and Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What ho! Horatio!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Here, sweet lord, at your service.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Horatio, thou art e'en as just a man</p>
         <p>As e'er my conversation coped withal.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>O, my dear lord,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, do not think I flatter;</p>
         <p>For what advancement may I hope from thee</p>
         <p>That no revenue hast but thy good spirits,</p>
         <p>To feed and clothe thee? Why should the poor be flattered?</p>
         <p>No, let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp,</p>
         <p>And crook the pregnant hinges of the knee</p>
         <p>Where thrift may follow fawning. Dost thou hear?</p>
         <p>Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice</p>
         <p>And could of men distinguish her election,</p>
         <p>Sh' hath sealed thee for herself; for thou hast been</p>
         <p>As one, in suffering all, that suffers nothing,</p>
         <p>A man that fortune's buffets and rewards</p>
         <p>Hast ta'en with equal thanks: and blest are those</p>
         <p>Whose blood and judgement are so well commeddled,</p>
         <p>That they are not a pipe for fortune's finger</p>
         <p>To sound what stop she please. Give me that man</p>
         <p>That is not passion's slave, and I will wear him</p>
         <p>In my heart's core, ay, in my heart of heart,</p>
         <p>As I do thee. — Something too much of this.</p>
         <p>There is a play to-night before the king;</p>
         <p>One scene of it comes near the circumstance</p>
         <p>Which I have told thee of my father's death:</p>
         <p>I prithee, when thou seest that act afoot,</p>
         <p>Even with the very comment of thy soul</p>
         <p>Observe my uncle: if his occulted guilt</p>
         <p>Do not itself unkennel in one speech,</p>
         <p>It is a damned ghost that we have seen,</p>
         <p>And my imaginations are as foul</p>
         <p>As Vulcan's stithy. Give him heedful note;</p>
         <p>For I mine eyes will rivet to his face,</p>
         <p>And after we will both our judgements join</p>
         <p>In censure of his seeming.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Well, my lord:</p>
         <p>If 'a steal aught the whilst this play is playing,</p>
         <p>And scape detecting, I will pay the theft.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>They are coming to the play; I must be idle:</p>
         <p>Get you a place.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>How fares our cousin Hamlet?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Excellent, i' faith; of the chameleon's dish: I</p>
         <p>eat the air, promise-crammed: you cannot feed capons</p>
         <p>so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>I have nothing with this answer, Hamlet; these words</p>
         <p>are not mine.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, nor mine now.</p>
         <p>My lord, you played once i' the university, you say?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>That did I, my lord; and was accounted a good actor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What did you enact?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>I did enact Julius Caesar: I was killed i' the</p>
         <p>Capitol; Brutus killed me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf</p>
         <p>there. Be the players ready?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord; they stay upon your patience.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Come hither, my dear Hamlet, sit by me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, good mother, here's metal more attractive.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>O, ho! do you mark that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Lady, shall I lie in your lap?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>No, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I mean, my head upon your lap?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Do you think I meant country matters?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>I think nothing, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That's a fair thought to lie between maids' legs.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>What is, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nothing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>You are merry, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Who, I?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O God, your only jig-maker. What should a man do</p>
         <p>but be merry? for, look you, how cheerfully my mother</p>
         <p>looks, and my father died within's two hours.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Nay, 'tis twice two months, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>So long? Nay then, let the devil wear black, for</p>
         <p>I'll have a suit of sables. O heavens! die two</p>
         <p>months ago, and not forgotten yet! Then there's</p>
         <p>hope a great man's memory may outlive his life</p>
         <p>half a year: but, by'r lady, 'a must build</p>
         <p>churches, then; or else shall 'a suffer not</p>
         <p>thinking on, with the hobby-horse, whose epitaph is</p>
         <p>“ For, O, for O, the hobby-horse is forgot.”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>What means this, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Marry, this' miching malicho; it means mischief.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Belike this show imports the argument of the play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>We shall know by this fellow: the players cannot keep</p>
         <p>counsel; they'll tell all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Will 'a tell us what this show meant?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, or any show that you will show him: be not</p>
         <p>you ashamed to show, he'll not shame to tell you what</p>
         <p>it means.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Again, it seems flirty (definitely this time) so I not sure I am going to keep this
            one but we should note that it would probably benefit from deeper analysis of flirtatious
            insults that we do not have the time or material to persue during this project You
            are naught, you are naught: I'll mark the play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Prologue</h3>
         <p>For us, and for our tragedy,</p>
         <p>Here stooping to your clemency,</p>
         <p>We beg your hearing patiently.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Is this a prologue, or the posy of a ring?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>'Tis brief, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>As woman's love.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player King</h3>
         <p>Full thirty times hath Phoebus' cart gone round</p>
         <p>Neptune's salt wash and Tellus' orbed ground,</p>
         <p>And thirty dozen moons with borrowed sheen</p>
         <p>About the world have times twelve thirties been,</p>
         <p>Since love our hearts and Hymen did our hands</p>
         <p>Unite commutual in most sacred bands.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player Queen</h3>
         <p>So many journeys may the sun and moon</p>
         <p>Make us again count o'er ere love be done!</p>
         <p>But, woe is me, you are so sick of late,</p>
         <p>So far from cheer and from your former state,</p>
         <p>That I distrust you. Yet, though I distrust,</p>
         <p>Discomfort you, my lord, it nothing must:</p>
         <p>For women's fear and love hold quantity;</p>
         <p>In neither aught, or in extremity.</p>
         <p>Now, what my love is, proof hath made you know;</p>
         <p>And as my love is sized, my fear is so:</p>
         <p>Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear;</p>
         <p>Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player King</h3>
         <p>'Faith, I must leave thee, love, and shortly too;</p>
         <p>My operant powers their functions leave to do:</p>
         <p>And thou shalt live in this fair world behind,</p>
         <p>Honoured, beloved; and haply one as kind</p>
         <p>For husband shalt thou</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player Queen</h3>
         <p>O, confound the rest!</p>
         <p>Such love must needs be treason in my breast:</p>
         <p>In second husband let me be accurst!</p>
         <p>None wed the second but who killed the first.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That's wormwood.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player Queen</h3>
         <p>The instances that second marriage move</p>
         <p>Are base respects of thrift, but none of love:</p>
         <p>A second time I kill my husband dead,</p>
         <p>When second husband kisses me in bed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player King</h3>
         <p>I do believe you think what now you speak;</p>
         <p>But what we do determine oft we break.</p>
         <p>Purpose is but the slave to memory,</p>
         <p>Of violent birth, but poor validity:</p>
         <p>Which now, the fruit unripe, sticks on the tree;</p>
         <p>But fall, unshaken, when they mellow be.</p>
         <p>Most necessary 'tis that we forget</p>
         <p>To pay ourselves what to ourselves is debt:</p>
         <p>What to ourselves in passion we propose,</p>
         <p>The passion ending, doth the purpose lose.</p>
         <p>The violence of either grief or joy</p>
         <p>Their own enactures with themselves destroy:</p>
         <p>Where joy most revels, grief doth most lament;</p>
         <p>Grief joys, joy grieves, on slender accident.</p>
         <p>This world is not for aye, nor 'tis not strange</p>
         <p>That even our loves should with our fortunes change;</p>
         <p>For 'tis a question left us yet to prove,</p>
         <p>Whether love lead fortune, or else fortune love.</p>
         <p>The great man down, you mark his favourite flies;</p>
         <p>The poor advanced makes friends of enemies,</p>
         <p>And hitherto doth love on fortune tend;</p>
         <p>For who not needs shall never lack a friend,</p>
         <p>And who in want a hollow friend doth try,</p>
         <p>Directly seasons him his enemy.</p>
         <p>But, orderly to end where I begun,</p>
         <p>Our wills and fates do so contrary run</p>
         <p>That our devices still are overthrown;</p>
         <p>Our thoughts are ours, their ends none of our own:</p>
         <p>So think thou wilt no second husband wed;</p>
         <p>But die thy thoughts when thy first lord is dead.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player Queen</h3>
         <p>Nor earth to me give food, nor heaven light!</p>
         <p>Sport and repose lock from me day and night!</p>
         <p>To desperation turn my trust and hope!</p>
         <p>An anchor's cheer in prison be my scope!</p>
         <p>Each opposite that blanks the face of joy</p>
         <p>Meet what I would have well and it destroy!</p>
         <p>Both here and hence pursue me lasting strife,</p>
         <p>If, once a widow, ever I be wife!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>If she should break it now!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player King</h3>
         <p>'Tis deeply sworn. Sweet, leave me here awhile;</p>
         <p>My spirits grow dull, and fain I would beguile</p>
         <p>The tedious day with sleep.</p>
         <p class="stage">Sleeps.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Player Queen</h3>
         <p>Sleep rock thy brain;</p>
         <p>And never come mischance between us twain!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Madam, how like you this play?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>The lady doth protest too much, methinks.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O, but she'll keep her word.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Have you heard the argument? Is there no offence in't?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, no, they do but jest, poison in jest; no offence</p>
         <p>i' the world.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>What do you call the play?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The Mouse-trap. Marry, how? Tropically. This play</p>
         <p>is the image of a murder done in Vienna: Gonzago</p>
         <p>is the duke's name; his wife, Baptista; you shall</p>
         <p>see anon; 'tis a knavish piece of work: but what</p>
         <p>of that? your majesty and we that have free souls,</p>
         <p>it touches us not: let the galled jade wince, our</p>
         <p>withers are unwrung.</p>
         <p>This is one Lucianus, nephew to the king.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>You are as good as a chorus, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I could interpret between you and your love, if I</p>
         <p>could see the puppets dallying.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>You are keen, my lord, you are keen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It would cost you a groaning to take off mine edge.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Still better, and worse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>So you mistake your husbands. Begin, murderer;</p>
         <p>leave thy damnable faces, and begin. Come: “ the</p>
         <p>croaking raven doth bellow for revenge.”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lucianus</h3>
         <p>Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit, and time agreeing;</p>
         <p>Confederate season, else no creature seeing;</p>
         <p>Thou mixture rank, of midnight weeds collected,</p>
         <p>With Hecate's ban thrice blasted, thrice infected,</p>
         <p>Thy natural magic and dire property,</p>
         <p>On wholesome life usurps immediately.</p>
         <p class="stage">Pours the poison into the sleeper's ears.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>'A poisons him i' the garden for his estate. His</p>
         <p>name's Gonzago: the story is extant, and written</p>
         <p>in very choice Italian: you shall see anon how the</p>
         <p>murderer gets the love of Gonzago's wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>The king rises.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What, frighted with false fire!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>How fares my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Give o'er the play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Give me some light: away!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All</h3>
         <p>Lights, lights, lights!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Would not this, sir, and a forest of feathers if</p>
         <p>the rest of my fortunes turn Turk with me with</p>
         <p>two Provincial roses on my razed shoes, get me a</p>
         <p>fellowship in a cry of players?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Half a share.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A whole one, I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>You might have rhymed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O good Horatio, I'll take the ghost's word for a</p>
         <p>thousand pound. Didst perceive?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Very well, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Upon the talk of the poisoning?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>I did very well note him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ah, ha! come, some music! come, the recorders!</p>
         <p>Come, some music!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Good my lord, vouchsafe me a word with you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Sir, a whole history.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>The king, sir,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, sir, what of him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Is in his retirement marvellous distempered.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>With drink, sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>No, my lord, with choler.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Your wisdom should show itself more richer to</p>
         <p>signify this to the doctor; for, for me to put</p>
         <p>him to his purgation would perhaps plunge him into</p>
         <p>more choler.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Good my lord, put your discourse into some frame and</p>
         <p>start not so wildly from my affair.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I am tame, sir: pronounce.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>The queen, your mother, in most great affliction of</p>
         <p>spirit, hath sent me to you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>You are welcome.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Nay, good my lord, this courtesy is not of the</p>
         <p>right breed. If it shall please you to make me</p>
         <p>a wholesome answer, I will do your mother's</p>
         <p>commandment: if not, your pardon and my return shall</p>
         <p>be the end of my business.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Sir, I cannot.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>What, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Make you a wholesome answer; my wit's diseased;</p>
         <p>but, sir, such answer as I can make, you shall</p>
         <p>command; or, rather, as you say, my mother:</p>
         <p>therefore no more, but to the matter: my mother, you</p>
         <p>say,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Then thus she says; your behaviour hath struck her</p>
         <p>into amazement and admiration.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O wonderful son, that can so astonish a mother!</p>
         <p>But is there no sequel at the heels of this mother's</p>
         <p>admiration? Impart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>She desires to speak with you in her closet, ere you</p>
         <p>go to bed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>We shall obey, were she ten times our mother. Have you</p>
         <p>any further trade with us?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>My lord, you once did love me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>And do still, by these pickers and stealers.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Good my lord, what is your cause of distemper?</p>
         <p>you do, surely, bar the door upon your own liberty, if</p>
         <p>you deny your griefs to your friend.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Sir, I lack advancement.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>How can that be, when you have the voice of the king</p>
         <p>himself for your succession in Denmark?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, sir, but “ While the grass grows,” the proverb is</p>
         <p>something musty.</p>
         <p>O, the recorders! let me see one. To withdraw</p>
         <p>with you: why do you go about to recover the wind of</p>
         <p>me, as if you would drive me into a toil?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>O, my lord, if my duty be too bold, my love is too</p>
         <p>unmannerly.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I do not well understand that. Will you play upon this</p>
         <p>pipe?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>My lord, I cannot.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I pray you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Believe me, I cannot.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I do beseech you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>I know no touch of it, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It is as easy as lying: govern these ventages</p>
         <p>with your fingers and thumb, give it breath with</p>
         <p>your mouth, and it will discourse most eloquent music.</p>
         <p>Look you, these are the stops.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>But these cannot I command to any utterance of</p>
         <p>harmony; I have not the skill.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, look you now, how unworthy a thing you make</p>
         <p>of me! You would play upon me; you would seem to</p>
         <p>know my stops; you would pluck out the heart of</p>
         <p>my mystery; you would sound me from my lowest</p>
         <p>note to the top of my compass: and there is much</p>
         <p>music, excellent voice, in this little organ;</p>
         <p>yet cannot you make it speak. 'Sblood, do you</p>
         <p>think I am easier to be played on than a pipe?</p>
         <p>Call me what instrument you will, though you fret me,</p>
         <p>yet you cannot play upon me.</p>
         <p>God bless you, sir!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>My lord, the queen would speak with you, and</p>
         <p>presently.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Do you see yonder cloud that's almost in shape of a</p>
         <p>camel?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>By the mass, and 'tis like a camel, indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Methinks it is like a weasel.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>It is backed like a weasel.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Or like a whale?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>Very like a whale.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Then I will come to my mother by and by. They</p>
         <p>fool me to the top of my bent. I will come by and by.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>I will say so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>By and by is easily said.</p>
         <p>Leave me, friends.</p>
         <p>'Tis now the very witching time of night,</p>
         <p>When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out</p>
         <p>Contagion to this world: now could I drink hot blood,</p>
         <p>And do such bitter business as the day</p>
         <p>Would quake to look on. Soft! now to my mother.</p>
         <p>O heart, lose not thy nature; let not ever</p>
         <p>The soul of Nero enter this firm bosom:</p>
         <p>Let me be cruel, not unnatural:</p>
         <p>I will speak daggers to her, but use none;</p>
         <p>My tongue and soul in this be hypocrites;</p>
         <p>How in my words soever she be shent,</p>
         <p>To give them seals never, my soul, consent!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter KING, ROSENCRANTZ, and GUILDENSTERN.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>I like him not, nor stands it safe with us</p>
         <p>To let his madness range. Therefore prepare you;</p>
         <p>I your commission will forthwith dispatch,</p>
         <p>And he to England shall along with you:</p>
         <p>The terms of our estate may not endure</p>
         <p>Hazard so near's as doth hourly grow</p>
         <p>Out of his brows.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>We will ourselves provide:</p>
         <p>Most holy and religious fear it is</p>
         <p>To keep those many many bodies safe</p>
         <p>That live and feed upon your majesty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>The single and peculiar life is bound,</p>
         <p>With all the strength and armour of the mind,</p>
         <p>To keep itself from noyance; but much more</p>
         <p>That spirit upon whose weal depends and rests</p>
         <p>The lives of many. The cess of majesty</p>
         <p>Dies not alone; but, like a gulf, doth draw</p>
         <p>What's near it with it; or it is a massy wheel,</p>
         <p>Fixed on the summit of the highest mount,</p>
         <p>To whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things</p>
         <p>Are mortised and adjoined; which, when it falls,</p>
         <p>Each small annexment, petty consequence,</p>
         <p>Attends the boisterous ruin. Never alone</p>
         <p>Did the king sigh, but with a general groan.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Arm you, I pray you, to this speedy voyage;</p>
         <p>For we will fetters put about this fear,</p>
         <p>Which now goes too free-footed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz and Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>We will haste us.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter POLONIUS.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>My lord, he's going to his mother's closet:</p>
         <p>Behind the arras I'll convey myself,</p>
         <p>To hear the process; I'll warrant she'll tax him home:</p>
         <p>And, as you said, and wisely was it said,</p>
         <p>'Tis meet that some more audience than a mother,</p>
         <p>Since nature makes them partial, should o'erhear</p>
         <p>The speech, of vantage. Fare you well, my liege:</p>
         <p>I'll call upon you ere you go to bed,</p>
         <p>And tell you what I know.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Thanks, dear my lord.</p>
         <p>O, my offence is rank, it smells to heaven;</p>
         <p>It hath the primal eldest curse upon't,</p>
         <p>A brother's murder. Pray can I not,</p>
         <p>Though inclination be as sharp as will:</p>
         <p>My stronger guilt defeats my strong intent;</p>
         <p>And, like a man to double business bound,</p>
         <p>I stand in pause where I shall first begin,</p>
         <p>And both neglect. What if this cursed hand</p>
         <p>Were thicker than itself with brother's blood,</p>
         <p>Is there not rain enough in the sweet heavens</p>
         <p>To wash it white as snow? Whereto serves mercy</p>
         <p>But to confront the visage of offence?</p>
         <p>And what's in prayer but this twofold force,</p>
         <p>To be forestalled ere we come to fall,</p>
         <p>Or pardoned being down? Then I'll look up;</p>
         <p>My fault is past. But, O, what form of prayer</p>
         <p>Can serve my turn? “ Forgive me my foul murder ”?</p>
         <p>That cannot be; since I am still possessed</p>
         <p>Of those effects for which I did the murder,</p>
         <p>My crown, mine own ambition and my queen.</p>
         <p>May one be pardoned and retain the offence?</p>
         <p>In the corrupted currents of this world</p>
         <p>Offence's gilded hand may shove by justice,</p>
         <p>And oft 'tis seen the wicked prize itself</p>
         <p>Buys out the law: but 'tis not so above;</p>
         <p>There is no shuffling, there the action lies</p>
         <p>In his true nature; and we ourselves compelled,</p>
         <p>Even to the teeth and forehead of our faults,</p>
         <p>To give in evidence. What then? what rests?</p>
         <p>Try what repentance can: what can it not?</p>
         <p>Yet what can it when one can not repent?</p>
         <p>O wretched state! O bosom black as death!</p>
         <p>O limed soul, that, struggling to be free,</p>
         <p>Art more engaged! Help, angels! Make assay!</p>
         <p>Bow, stubborn knees; and, heart with strings of steel,</p>
         <p>Be soft as sinews of the newborn babe!</p>
         <p>All may be well.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Polonius.</p>
         <p class="stage">Retires and kneels.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HAMLET.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Now might I do it pat, now 'a is a-praying;</p>
         <p>And now I'll do't. And so 'a goes to heaven;</p>
         <p>And so am I revenged. That would be scanned:</p>
         <p class="textInsult">A villain kills my father; and for that,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">I, his sole son, do this same villain send</p>
         <p class="textInsult">To heaven.</p>
         <p>Why, this is hire and salary, not revenge.</p>
         <p>'A took my father grossly, full of bread;</p>
         <p>With all his crimes broad blown, as flush as May;</p>
         <p>And how his audit stands who knows save heaven?</p>
         <p>But in our circumstance and course of thought.</p>
         <p>'Tis heavy with him: and am I then revenged,</p>
         <p>To take him in the purging of his soul,</p>
         <p>When he is fit and seasoned for his passage?</p>
         <p>No!</p>
         <p>Up, sword; and know thou a more horrid hent:</p>
         <p>When he is drunk asleep, or in his rage,</p>
         <p>Or in the incestuous pleasure of his bed;</p>
         <p>At game, a-swearing, or about some act</p>
         <p>That has no relish of salvation in't;</p>
         <p>Then trip him, that his heels may kick at heaven,</p>
         <p>And that his soul may be as damned and black</p>
         <p>As hell, whereto it goes. My mother stays:</p>
         <p>This physic but prolongs thy sickly days.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>My words fly up, my thoughts remain below:</p>
         <p>Words without thoughts never to heaven go.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 4</h2>
      <p class="stage">The Queen's closet.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter QUEEN and POLONIUS.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>'A will come straight. Look you lay home to him:</p>
         <p>Tell him his pranks have been too broad to bear with,</p>
         <p>And that your grace hath screened and stood between</p>
         <p>Much heat and him. I'll silence me even here.</p>
         <p>Pray you, be round.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>I'll warrant you, fear me not.</p>
         <p>Withdraw, I hear him coming.</p>
         <p class="stage">Polonius hides behind the arras</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter HAMLET.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Now, mother, what's the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Hamlet, thou hast thy father much offended.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Mother, you have my father much offended.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Come, come, you answer with an idle tongue.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Go, go, you question with a wicked tongue.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Why, how now, Hamlet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What's the matter now?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Have you forgot me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, by the rood, not so:</p>
         <p>You are the queen, your husband's brother's wife;</p>
         <p>And — would it were not so! — you are my mother.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Nay, then, I'll set those to you that can speak.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Come, come, and sit you down; you shall not budge;</p>
         <p>You go not till I set you up a glass</p>
         <p>Where you may see the inmost part of you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>What wilt thou do? thou wilt not murder me?</p>
         <p>Help, ho!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>What, ho! help!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How now! a rat? Dead, for a ducat, dead!</p>
         <p class="stage">Makes a pass through the arras.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Polonius</h3>
         <p>O, I am slain!</p>
         <p class="stage">Falls and dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>O me, what hast thou done?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, I know not: Is it the king?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>O, what a rash and bloody deed is this!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A bloody deed! almost as bad, good mother,</p>
         <p>As kill a king, and marry with his brother.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>As kill a king!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, lady, it was my word.</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Direct? I am pretty sure Thou wretched, rash, intruding fool, farewell!</p>
         <p>I took thee for thy better: take thy fortune;</p>
         <p>Thou find'st to be too busy is some danger.</p>
         <p>Leave wringing of your hands: peace! sit you down,</p>
         <p>And let me wring your heart; for so I shall,</p>
         <p>If it be made of penetrable stuff,</p>
         <p>If damned custom have not brassed it so</p>
         <p>That it be proof and bulwark against sense.</p>
         <p class="stage">Lifts up the arras and discovers Polonius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>What have I done, that thou darest wag thy tongue</p>
         <p>In noise so rude against me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Such an act</p>
         <p>That blurs the grace and blush of modesty,</p>
         <p>Calls virtue hypocrite, takes off the rose</p>
         <p>From the fair forehead of an innocent love</p>
         <p>And sets a blister there, makes marriage vows</p>
         <p>As false as dicers' oaths: O, such a deed</p>
         <p>As from the body of contraction plucks</p>
         <p>The very soul, and sweet religion makes</p>
         <p>A rhapsody of words: heaven's face does glow</p>
         <p>o'er this solidity and compound mass,</p>
         <p>With heated visage, as against the doom,</p>
         <p>Is thought-sick at the act.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Ay me, what act,</p>
         <p>That roars so loud, and thunders in the index?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Look here, upon this picture, and on this,</p>
         <p>The counterfeit presentment of two brothers.</p>
         <p>See, what a grace was seated on this brow;</p>
         <p>Hyperion's curls; the front of Jove himself;</p>
         <p>An eye like Mars, to threaten and command;</p>
         <p>A station like the herald Mercury</p>
         <p>New lighted on a heaven-kissing hill;</p>
         <p>A combination and a form indeed,</p>
         <p>Where every god did seem to set his seal,</p>
         <p>To give the world assurance of a man:</p>
         <p>This was your husband. Look you now, what follows:</p>
         <p>Here is your husband; like a mildewed ear,</p>
         <p>Blasting his wholesome brother. Have you eyes?</p>
         <p>Could you on this fair mountain leave to feed,</p>
         <p>And batten on this moor? Ha! have you eyes?</p>
         <p>You cannot call it love; for at your age</p>
         <p>The hey-day in the blood is tame, it's humble,</p>
         <p>And waits upon the judgement: and what judgement</p>
         <p>Would step from this to this? Sense, sure, you have,</p>
         <p>Else could you not have motion; but sure, that sense</p>
         <p>Is apoplexed; for madness would not err,</p>
         <p>Nor sense to ecstasy was ne'er so thralled</p>
         <p>But it reserved some quantity of choice,</p>
         <p>To serve in such a difference. What devil was't</p>
         <p>That thus hath cozened you at hoodman-blind?</p>
         <p>Eyes without feeling, feeling without sight,</p>
         <p>Ears without hands or eyes, smelling sans all,</p>
         <p>Or but a sickly part of one true sense</p>
         <p>Could not so mope. O shame! where is thy blush?</p>
         <p>Rebellious hell,</p>
         <p>If thou canst mutine in a matron's bones,</p>
         <p>To flaming youth let virtue be as wax,</p>
         <p>And melt in her own fire: proclaim no shame</p>
         <p>When the compulsive ardour gives the charge,</p>
         <p>Since frost itself as actively doth burn</p>
         <p>And reason panders will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>O Hamlet, speak no more:</p>
         <p>Thou turn'st my eyes into my very soul;</p>
         <p>And there I see such black and grained spots</p>
         <p>As will not leave their tinct.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, but to live</p>
         <p>In the rank sweat of an enseamed bed,</p>
         <p>Stewed in corruption, honeying and making love</p>
         <p>Over the nasty sty,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>O, speak to me no more;</p>
         <p>These words, like daggers, enter in my ears;</p>
         <p>No more, sweet Hamlet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A murderer and a villain;</p>
         <p>A slave that is not twentieth part the tithe</p>
         <p>Of your precedent lord; a vice of kings;</p>
         <p>A cutpurse of the empire and the rule,</p>
         <p>That from a shelf the precious diadem stole,</p>
         <p>And put it in his pocket!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>No more!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A king of shreds and patches,</p>
         <p>Save me, and hover o'er me with your wings,</p>
         <p>You heavenly guards! What would your gracious figure?</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter Ghost.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Alas, he's mad!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Do you not come your tardy son to chide,</p>
         <p>That, lapsed in time and passion, lets go by</p>
         <p>The important acting of your dread command?</p>
         <p>O, say!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ghost</h3>
         <p>Do not forget: this visitation</p>
         <p>Is but to whet thy almost blunted purpose.</p>
         <p>But, look, amazement on thy mother sits:</p>
         <p>O, step between her and her fighting soul:</p>
         <p>Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works:</p>
         <p>Speak to her, Hamlet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How is it with you, lady?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Alas, how is't with you,</p>
         <p>That you do bend your eye on vacancy</p>
         <p>And with the incorporal air do hold discourse?</p>
         <p>Forth at your eyes your spirits wildly peep;</p>
         <p>And, as the sleeping soldiers in the alarm,</p>
         <p>Your bedded hair, like life in excrements,</p>
         <p>Start up, and stand an end. O gentle son,</p>
         <p>Upon the heat and flame of thy distemper</p>
         <p>Sprinkle cool patience. Whereon do you look?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>On him, on him! Look you, how pale he glares!</p>
         <p>His form and cause conjoined, preaching to stones,</p>
         <p>Would make them capable. Do not look upon me;</p>
         <p>Lest with this piteous action you convert</p>
         <p>My stern effects: then what I have to do</p>
         <p>Will want true colour; tears perchance for blood.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>To whom do you speak this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Do you see nothing there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Nothing at all; yet all that is I see.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nor did you nothing hear?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>No, nothing but ourselves.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, look you there look, how it steals away!</p>
         <p>My father, in his habit as he lived!</p>
         <p>Look, where he goes, even now, out at the portal!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Ghost. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>This is the very coinage of your brain:</p>
         <p>This bodiless creation ecstasy</p>
         <p>Is very cunning in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ecstasy!</p>
         <p>My pulse, as yours, doth temperately keep time,</p>
         <p>And makes as healthful music: it is not madness</p>
         <p>That I have uttered: bring me to the test,</p>
         <p>And I the matter will re-word; which madness</p>
         <p>Would gambol from. Mother, for love of grace,</p>
         <p>Lay not that flattering unction to your soul,</p>
         <p>That not your trespass, but my madness speaks:</p>
         <p>It will but skin and film the ulcerous place,</p>
         <p>Whiles rank corruption, mining all within,</p>
         <p>Infects unseen. Confess yourself to heaven;</p>
         <p>Repent what's past; avoid what is to come;</p>
         <p>And do not spread the compost on the weeds,</p>
         <p>To make them ranker. Forgive me this my virtue;</p>
         <p>For in the fatness of these pursy times</p>
         <p>Virtue itself of vice must pardon beg,</p>
         <p>Yea, curb and woo for leave to do him good.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>O Hamlet, thou hast cleft my heart in twain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O, throw away the worser part of it,</p>
         <p>And live the purer with the other half.</p>
         <p>Good night: but go not to my uncle's bed;</p>
         <p>Assume a virtue, if you have it not.</p>
         <p>That monster, custom, who all sense doth eat,</p>
         <p>Of habits devil, is angel yet in this,</p>
         <p>That to the use of actions fair and good</p>
         <p>He likewise gives a frock or livery,</p>
         <p>That aptly is put on. Refrain to-night,</p>
         <p>And that shall lend a kind of easiness</p>
         <p>To the next abstinence: the next more easy;</p>
         <p>For use almost can change the stamp of nature,</p>
         <p>And either... the devil, or throw him out</p>
         <p>With wondrous potency. Once more, good night:</p>
         <p>And when you are desirous to be blessed,</p>
         <p>I'll blessing beg of you. For this same lord,</p>
         <p>I do repent: but heaven hath pleased it so,</p>
         <p>To punish me with this and this with me,</p>
         <p>That I must be their scourge and minister.</p>
         <p>I will bestow him, and will answer well</p>
         <p>The death I gave him. So, again, good night.</p>
         <p>I must be cruel, only to be kind:</p>
         <p>This bad begins and worse remains behind.</p>
         <p>One word more, good lady.</p>
         <p class="stage">Pointing to Polonius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>What shall I do?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Not this, by no means, that I bid you do:</p>
         <p class="textInsult">Let the bloat king tempt you again to bed;</p>
         <p>Pinch wanton on your cheek; call you his mouse;</p>
         <p>And let him, for a pair of reechy kisses,</p>
         <p>Or paddling in your neck with his damned fingers,</p>
         <p>Make you to ravel all this matter out,</p>
         <p>That I essentially am not in madness,</p>
         <p>But mad in craft. 'Twere good you let him know;</p>
         <p>For who, that's but a queen, fair, sober, wise,</p>
         <p>Would from a paddock, from a bat, a gib,</p>
         <p>Such dear concernings hide? who would do so?</p>
         <p>No, in despite of sense and secrecy,</p>
         <p>Unpeg the basket on the house's top,</p>
         <p>Let the birds fly, and, like the famous ape,</p>
         <p>To try conclusions, in the basket creep,</p>
         <p>And break your own neck down.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Be thou assured, if words be made of breath,</p>
         <p>And breath of life, I have no life to breathe</p>
         <p>What thou hast said to me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I must to England; you know that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Alack,</p>
         <p>I had forgot: 'tis so concluded on.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>There's letters sealed: and my two schoolfellows,</p>
         <p>Whom I will trust as I will adders fanged,</p>
         <p>They bear the mandate; they must sweep my way,</p>
         <p>And marshal me to knavery. Let it work;</p>
         <p>For 'tis the sport to have the enginer</p>
         <p>Hoist with his own petar: and't shall go hard</p>
         <p>But I will delve one yard below their mines,</p>
         <p>And blow them at the moon: O, 'tis most sweet,</p>
         <p>When in one line two crafts directly meet.</p>
         <p>This man shall set me packing:</p>
         <p>I'll lug the guts into the neighbour room.</p>
         <p>Mother, good night. Indeed this counsellor</p>
         <p>Come, sir, to draw toward an end with you.</p>
         <p>Good night, mother.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt severally; Hamlet dragging in Polonius.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter KING, QUEEN, ROSENCRANTZ, and GUILDENSTERN.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>There's matter in these sighs, these profound heaves:</p>
         <p>You must translate: 'tis fit we understand them.</p>
         <p>Where is your son?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Bestow this place on us a little while.</p>
         <p>Ah, mine own lord, what have I seen to-night!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>What, Gertrude? How does Hamlet?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Mad as the sea and wind, when both contend</p>
         <p>Which is the mightier: in his lawless fit,</p>
         <p>Behind the arras hearing something stir,</p>
         <p>“ Whips out his rapier, cries, “ A rat, a rat!”</p>
         <p>And, in this brainish apprehension, kills</p>
         <p>The unseen good old man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>O heavy deed!</p>
         <p>It had been so with us, had we been there:</p>
         <p>His liberty is full of threats to all;</p>
         <p>To you yourself, to us, to every one.</p>
         <p>Alas, how shall this bloody deed be answered?</p>
         <p>It will be laid to us, whose providence</p>
         <p>Should have kept short, restrained and out of haunt,</p>
         <p class="textInsult">This mad young man: but so much was our love,</p>
         <p>We would not understand what was most fit;</p>
         <p>But, like the owner of a foul disease,</p>
         <p>To keep it from divulging, let it feed</p>
         <p>Even on the pith of life. Where is he gone?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>To draw apart the body he hath killed:</p>
         <p>o'er whom his very madness, like some ore</p>
         <p>Among a mineral of metals base,</p>
         <p>Shows itself pure; 'a weeps for what is done.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>O Gertrude, come away!</p>
         <p>The sun no sooner shall the mountains touch,</p>
         <p>But we will ship him hence: and this vile deed</p>
         <p>We must, with all our majesty and skill,</p>
         <p>Both countenance and excuse. Ho, Guildenstern!</p>
         <p>Friends both, go join you with some further aid:</p>
         <p>Hamlet in madness hath Polonius slain,</p>
         <p>And from his mother's closet hath he dragged him:</p>
         <p>Go seek him out; speak fair, and bring the body</p>
         <p>Into the chapel. I pray you, haste in this.</p>
         <p>Come, Gertrude, we'll call up our wisest friends;</p>
         <p>And let them know, both what we mean to do,</p>
         <p>And what's untimely done...........</p>
         <p>Whose whisper o'er the world's diameter,</p>
         <p>As level as the cannon to his blank,</p>
         <p>Transports his poisoned shot, may miss our name,</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter HAMLET.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Safely stowed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz and Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>Hamlet! Lord Hamlet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>But soft, what noise? who calls on Hamlet? O, here</p>
         <p>they come.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>What have you done, my lord, with the dead body?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Compounded it with dust, whereto 'tis kin.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Tell us where 'tis, that we may take it thence</p>
         <p>And bear it to the chapel.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Do not believe it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Believe what?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That I can keep your counsel and not mine own.</p>
         <p>Besides, to be demanded of a sponge! what replication</p>
         <p>should be made by the son of a king?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Take you me for a sponge, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, sir, that soaks up the king's countenance,</p>
         <p>his rewards, his authorities. But such officers</p>
         <p>do the king best service in the end: he keeps</p>
         <p>them, like an ape, an apple, in the corner of</p>
         <p>his jaw; first mouthed, to be last swallowed:</p>
         <p>when he needs what you have gleaned, it is but</p>
         <p>squeezing you, and, sponge, you shall be dry again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>I understand you not, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I went with expressive as the illocutionary act because of the first part but it could
            change I am glad of it: a knavish speech sleeps in a foolish</p>
         <p class="textInsult">ear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>My lord, you must tell us where the body is, and go</p>
         <p>with us to the king.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The body is with the king, but the king is not with</p>
         <p>the body. The king is a thing</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Guildenstern</h3>
         <p>A thing, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Of nothing: bring me to him. Hide fox, and all after.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter KING attended.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>I have sent to seek him, and to find the body.</p>
         <p>How dangerous is it that this man goes loose!</p>
         <p>Yet must not we put the strong law on him:</p>
         <p>He's loved of the distracted multitude,</p>
         <p>Who like not in their judgement, but their eyes;</p>
         <p>And where 'tis so, the offender's scourge is weighed,</p>
         <p>But never the offence. To bear all smooth and even,</p>
         <p>This sudden sending him away must seem</p>
         <p>Deliberate pause: diseases desperate grown</p>
         <p>By desperate appliance are relieved,</p>
         <p>Or not at all. How now! what hath befallen?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter ROSENCRANTZ.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Where the dead body is bestowed, my lord,</p>
         <p>We cannot get from him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>But where is he?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Without, my lord; guarded, to know your pleasure.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Bring him before us.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Ho, bring in the lord.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HAMLET and GUILDENSTERN.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Now, Hamlet, where's Polonius?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>At supper.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>At supper where?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Not where he eats, but where 'a is eaten: a</p>
         <p>certain convocation of politic worms are e'en at</p>
         <p>him. Your worm is your only emperor for diet: we</p>
         <p>fat all creatures else to fat us, and we fat</p>
         <p>ourselves for maggots: your fat king and your</p>
         <p>lean beggar is but variable service, two dishes, but</p>
         <p>to one table: that's the end.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Alas, alas!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king,</p>
         <p>and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>What dost thou mean by this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nothing but to show you how a king may go a progress</p>
         <p>through the guts of a beggar.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Where is Polonius?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>In heaven; send thither to see: if your messenger</p>
         <p>find him not there, seek him i' the other place</p>
         <p>yourself. But if indeed you find him not within</p>
         <p>this month, you shall nose him as you go up the stairs</p>
         <p>into the lobby.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Go seek him there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>'A will stay till you come.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Hamlet, this deed, for thine especial safety,</p>
         <p>Which we do tender, as we dearly grieve</p>
         <p>For that which thou hast done, must send thee hence</p>
         <p>With fiery quickness; therefore prepare thyself;</p>
         <p>The bark is ready, and the wind at help,</p>
         <p>The associates tend, and every thing is bent</p>
         <p>For England.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>For England!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Ay, Hamlet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Good.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>So is it, if thou knew'st our purposes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I see a cherub that sees them. But, come; for England!</p>
         <p>Farewell, dear mother.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Thy loving father, Hamlet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>My mother: father and mother is man and wife;</p>
         <p>man and wife is one flesh; so, my mother. Come, for</p>
         <p>England!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Follow him at foot; tempt him with speed aboard;</p>
         <p>Delay it not; I'll have him hence to-night:</p>
         <p>Away! for every thing is sealed and done</p>
         <p>That else leans on the affair: pray you, make haste.</p>
         <p>And, England, if my love thou hold'st at aught</p>
         <p>As my great power thereof may give thee sense,</p>
         <p>Since yet thy cicatrice looks raw and red</p>
         <p>After the Danish sword, and thy free awe</p>
         <p>Pays homage to us — thou mayst not coldly set</p>
         <p>Our sovereign process; which imports at full,</p>
         <p>By letters congruing to that effect,</p>
         <p>The present death of Hamlet. Do it, England;</p>
         <p>For like the hectic in my blood he rages,</p>
         <p>And thou must cure me: till I know 'tis done,</p>
         <p>How e'er my haps, my joys were ne'er begun.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 4</h2>
      <p class="stage">A plain in Denmark.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter FORTINBRAS, a Captain, and Soldiers, marching.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fortinbras</h3>
         <p>Go, captain, from me greet the Danish king;</p>
         <p>Tell him that, by his license, Fortinbras</p>
         <p>Craves the conveyance of a promised march</p>
         <p>Over his kingdom. You know the rendezvous.</p>
         <p>If that his majesty would aught with us,</p>
         <p>We shall express our duty in his eye;</p>
         <p>And let him know so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Captain</h3>
         <p>I will do't, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fortinbras</h3>
         <p>Go softly on.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Fortinbras and Soldiers,</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter HAMLET, ROSENCRANTZ, GUILDENSTERN, and others.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Good sir, whose powers are these?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Captain</h3>
         <p>They are of Norway, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How purposed, sir, I pray you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Captain</h3>
         <p>Against some part of Poland.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Who commands them, sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Captain</h3>
         <p>The nephew to old Norway, Fortinbras.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Goes it against the main of Poland, sir,</p>
         <p>Or for some frontier?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Captain</h3>
         <p>Truly to speak, and with no addition,</p>
         <p>We go to gain a little patch of ground</p>
         <p>That hath in it no profit but the name.</p>
         <p>To pay five ducats, five, I would not farm it;</p>
         <p>Nor will it yield to Norway or the Pole</p>
         <p>A ranker rate, should it be sold in fee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, then the Polack never will defend it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Captain</h3>
         <p>Yes, it is already garrisoned.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Two thousand souls and twenty thousand ducats</p>
         <p>Will not debate the question of this straw:</p>
         <p>This is the imposthume of much wealth and peace,</p>
         <p>That inward breaks, and shows no cause without</p>
         <p>Why the man dies. I humbly thank you, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Captain</h3>
         <p>God buy you, sir.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Rosencrantz</h3>
         <p>Will't please you go, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I'll be with you straight. Go a little before.</p>
         <p>How all occasions do inform against me,</p>
         <p>And spur my dull revenge! What is a man,</p>
         <p>If his chief good and market of his time</p>
         <p>Be but to sleep and feed? a beast, no more.</p>
         <p>Sure, he that made us with such large discourse,</p>
         <p>Looking before and after, gave us not</p>
         <p>That capability and godlike reason</p>
         <p>To fust in us unused. Now, whether it be</p>
         <p>Bestial oblivion, or some craven scruple</p>
         <p>Of thinking too precisely on the event,</p>
         <p>A thought which, quartered, hath but one part wisdom</p>
         <p>And ever three parts coward, I do not know</p>
         <p>Why yet I live to say “ This thing's to do;”</p>
         <p>Sith I have cause and will and strength and means</p>
         <p>To do't. Examples gross as earth exhort me:</p>
         <p>Witness this army of such mass and charge</p>
         <p>Led by a delicate and tender prince,</p>
         <p>Whose spirit with divine ambition puffed</p>
         <p>Makes mouths at the invisible event,</p>
         <p>Exposing what is mortal and unsure</p>
         <p>To all that fortune, death and danger dare,</p>
         <p>Even for an egg-shell. Rightly to be great</p>
         <p>Is not to stir without great argument,</p>
         <p>But greatly to find quarrel in a straw</p>
         <p>When honour's at the stake. How stand I then,</p>
         <p>That have a father killed, a mother stained,</p>
         <p>Excitements of my reason and my blood,</p>
         <p>And let all sleep? while, to my shame, I see</p>
         <p>The imminent death of twenty thousand men,</p>
         <p>That, for a fantasy and trick of fame,</p>
         <p>Go to their graves like beds, fight for a plot</p>
         <p>Whereon the numbers cannot try the cause,</p>
         <p>Which is not tomb enough and continent</p>
         <p>To hide the slain? O, from this time forth,</p>
         <p>My thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all except Hamlet, </p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 5</h2>
      <p class="stage">Elsinore. A room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter QUEEN, HORATIO, and a Gentleman.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>I will not speak with her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentleman</h3>
         <p>She is importunate, indeed distract:</p>
         <p>Her mood will needs be pitied.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>What would she have?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentleman</h3>
         <p>She speaks much of her father; says she hears</p>
         <p>There's tricks i' the world; and hems, and beats her heart;</p>
         <p>Spurns enviously at straws; speaks things in doubt,</p>
         <p>That carry but half sense: her speech is nothing,</p>
         <p>Yet the unshaped use of it doth move</p>
         <p>The hearers to collection; they yawn at it,</p>
         <p>And botch the words up fit to their own thoughts;</p>
         <p>Which, as her winks, and nods, and gestures yield them,</p>
         <p>Indeed would make one think there might be thought,</p>
         <p>Though nothing sure, yet much unhappily.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>'Twere good she were spoken with: for she may strew</p>
         <p>Dangerous conjectures in ill-breeding minds.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Let her come in.</p>
         <p>To my sick soul, as sin's true nature is,</p>
         <p>Each toy seems prologue to some great amiss:</p>
         <p>So full of artless jealousy is guilt,</p>
         <p>It spills itself in fearing to be spilt.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Horatio.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter HORATIO with OPHELIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Where is the beauteous majesty of Denmark?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>How now, Ophelia!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Alas, sweet lady, what imports this song?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Say you? nay, pray you, mark.</p>
         <p>O ho!</p>
         <p class="stage">Sings</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Nay, but, Ophelia,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Pray you, mark.</p>
         <p class="stage">Sings</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Alas, look here, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>How do you, pretty lady?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Well, God dild you! They say the owl was a baker's</p>
         <p>daughter. Lord, we know what we are, but know not what</p>
         <p>we may be. God be at your table!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Conceit upon her father.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Pray let's have no words of this; but when they ask</p>
         <p>you what it means, say you this:</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Pretty Ophelia!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Indeed without an oath, I'll make an end on't:</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>How long hath she been thus?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>I hope all will be well. We must be patient: but</p>
         <p>I cannot choose but weep, to think they would</p>
         <p>lay him i' the cold ground. My brother shall know</p>
         <p>of it: and so I thank you for your good counsel.</p>
         <p>Come, my coach! Good night, ladies; good night, sweet</p>
         <p>ladies; good night, good night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Follow her close; give her good watch, I pray you.</p>
         <p>O, this is the poison of deep grief; it springs</p>
         <p>All from her father's death — and now behold</p>
         <p>O Gertrude, Gertrude,</p>
         <p>When sorrows come, they come not single spies,</p>
         <p>But in battalions. First, her father slain:</p>
         <p>Next, your son gone; and he most violent author</p>
         <p>Of his own just remove: the people muddied,</p>
         <p>Thick and unwholesome in their thoughts and whispers,</p>
         <p>For good Polonius' death; and we have done but greenly,</p>
         <p>In hugger-mugger to inter him: poor Ophelia</p>
         <p>Divided from herself and her fair judgement,</p>
         <p>Without the which we are pictures, or mere beasts:</p>
         <p>Last, and as much containing as all these,</p>
         <p>Her brother is in secret come from France;</p>
         <p>Feeds on this wonder, keeps himself in clouds,</p>
         <p>And wants not buzzers to infect his ear</p>
         <p>With pestilent speeches of his father's death;</p>
         <p>Wherein necessity, of matter beggared,</p>
         <p>Will nothing stick our person to arraign</p>
         <p>In ear and ear. O my dear Gertrude, this,</p>
         <p>Like to a murdering-piece, in many places</p>
         <p>Gives me superfluous death.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Horatio. </p>
         <p class="stage">A noise within.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Alack, what noise is this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Attend!</p>
         <p>Where is my Switzers? Let them guard the door.</p>
         <p>What is the matter?</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter another Gentleman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentleman</h3>
         <p>Save yourself, my lord:</p>
         <p>The ocean, overpeering of his list,</p>
         <p>Eats not the flats with more impetuous haste</p>
         <p>Than young Laertes, in a riotous head,</p>
         <p>o'erbears your officers. The rabble call him lord;</p>
         <p>And, as the world were now but to begin,</p>
         <p>Antiquity forgot, custom not known,</p>
         <p>The ratifiers and props of every word,</p>
         <p>They cry, “ Choose we: Laertes shall be king:”</p>
         <p>Caps, hands, and tongues, applaud it to the clouds:</p>
         <p>“ Laertes shall be king, Laertes king!”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>How cheerfully on the false trail they cry!</p>
         <p class="textInsult">O, this is counter, There is no gender or relationship here as she is addressing a
            group you false Danish dogs!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>The doors are broke.</p>
         <p class="stage">Noise within.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter LAERTES, armed; Danes following.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Where is this king? Sirs, stand you all without.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Danes</h3>
         <p>No, let's come in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>I pray you, give me leave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Danes</h3>
         <p>We will, we will.</p>
         <p class="stage">They retire without the door.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>I thank you; keep the door. O thou vile king,</p>
         <p>Give me my father!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Calmly, good Laertes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>That drop of blood that's calm proclaims me bastard,</p>
         <p>Cries cuckold to my father, brands the harlot</p>
         <p>Even here, between the chaste unsmirched brow</p>
         <p>Of my true mother.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>What is the cause, Laertes,</p>
         <p>That thy rebellion looks so giant-like?</p>
         <p>Let him go, Gertrude; do not fear our person:</p>
         <p>There's such divinity doth hedge a king,</p>
         <p>That treason can but peep to what it would,</p>
         <p>Acts little of his will. Tell me, Laertes,</p>
         <p>Why thou art thus incensed. Let him go, Gertrude.</p>
         <p>Speak, man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Where is my father?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Dead.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>But not by him,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Let him demand his fill.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>How came he dead? I'll not be juggled with:</p>
         <p>To hell, allegiance! vows, to the black'st devil!</p>
         <p>Conscience and grace, to the profoundest pit!</p>
         <p>I dare damnation. To this point I stand,</p>
         <p>That both the worlds I give to negligence,</p>
         <p>Let come what comes; only I'll be revenged</p>
         <p>Most throughly for my father.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Who shall stay you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>My will, not all the world's:</p>
         <p>And for my means, I'll husband them so well,</p>
         <p>They shall go far with little.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Good Laertes,</p>
         <p>If you desire to know the certainty</p>
         <p>Of your dear father, is't writ in your revenge,</p>
         <p>That, swoopstake, you will draw both friend and foe,</p>
         <p>Winner and loser?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>None but his enemies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Will you know them then?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>To his good friends thus wide I'll ope my arms;</p>
         <p>And like the kind life-rendering pelican,</p>
         <p>Repast them with my blood.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Why, now you speak</p>
         <p>Like a good child and a true gentleman.</p>
         <p>That I am guiltless of your father's death,</p>
         <p>And am most sensibly in grief for it,</p>
         <p>It shall as level to your judgement 'pear</p>
         <p>As day does to your eye.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Danes</h3>
         <p>Let her come in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>How now! what noise is that?</p>
         <p>O heat, dry up my brains! tears seven times salt,</p>
         <p>Burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye!</p>
         <p>By heaven, thy madness shall be paid by weight,</p>
         <p>Till our scale turn the beam. O rose of May!</p>
         <p>Dear maid, kind sister, sweet Ophelia!</p>
         <p>O heavens! is't possible, a young maid's wits</p>
         <p>Should be as mortal as an old man's life?</p>
         <p>Nature is fine in love, and where 'tis fine,</p>
         <p>It sends some precious instance of itself</p>
         <p>After the thing it loves.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter OPHELIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>Fare you well, my dove!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Hadst thou thy wits, and didst persuade revenge,</p>
         <p>It could not move thus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>You must sing “ a-down a-down,” An you call him</p>
         <p>a-down-a. O, how the wheel becomes it! It is the false</p>
         <p>steward, that stole his master's daughter.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>This nothing's more than matter.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>There's rosemary, that's for remembrance; pray</p>
         <p>you, love, remember: and there is pansies, that's for</p>
         <p>thoughts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>A document in madness, thoughts and remembrance</p>
         <p>fitted.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>There's fennel for you, and columbines: there's</p>
         <p>rue for you; and here's some for me: we may call</p>
         <p>it herb of grace a' Sundays. You may wear your</p>
         <p>rue with a difference. There's a daisy: I would</p>
         <p>give you some violets, but they withered all when my</p>
         <p>father died: they say 'a made a good end,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Thought and afflictions, passion, hell itself,</p>
         <p>She turns to favour and to prettiness.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Ophelia</h3>
         <p>And of all Christians' souls, I pray God. God buy you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Do you see this, O God?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Laertes, I must commune with your grief,</p>
         <p>Or you deny me right. Go but apart,</p>
         <p>Make choice of whom your wisest friends you will,</p>
         <p>And they shall hear and judge 'twixt you and me:</p>
         <p>If by direct or by collateral hand</p>
         <p>They find us touched, we will our kingdom give,</p>
         <p>Our crown, our life, and all that we call ours,</p>
         <p>To you in satisfaction; but if not,</p>
         <p>Be you content to lend your patience to us,</p>
         <p>And we shall jointly labour with your soul</p>
         <p>To give it due content.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Let this be so;</p>
         <p>His means of death, his obscure funeral</p>
         <p>No trophy, sword, nor hatchment o'er his bones,</p>
         <p>No noble rite nor formal ostentation</p>
         <p>Cry to be heard, as 'twere from heaven to earth,</p>
         <p>That I must call't in question.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>So you shall;</p>
         <p>And where the offence is let the great axe fall.</p>
         <p>I pray you, go with me.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 6</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter HORATIO and a Servant.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>What are they that would speak with me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Servant</h3>
         <p>Seafaring men, sir: they say they have letters for</p>
         <p>you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Let them come in.</p>
         <p>I do not know from what part of the world</p>
         <p>I should be greeted, if not from Lord Hamlet.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Servant.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter Sailors.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Sailor</h3>
         <p>God bless you, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Let him bless thee too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Sailor</h3>
         <p>'A shall, sir, an't please him. There's a letter</p>
         <p>for you, sir; it came from the ambassador that</p>
         <p>was bound for England; if your name be Horatio, as I</p>
         <p>am let to know it is.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>“ Horatio, when thou shalt have overlooked this,</p>
         <p>give these fellows some means to the king: they</p>
         <p>have letters for him. Ere we were two days old</p>
         <p>at sea, a pirate of very warlike appointment gave</p>
         <p>us chase. Finding ourselves too slow of sail, we</p>
         <p>put on a compelled valour, and in the grapple I</p>
         <p>boarded them: on the instant they got clear of</p>
         <p>our ship; so I alone became their prisoner. They</p>
         <p>have dealt with me like thieves of mercy: but</p>
         <p>they knew what they did; I am to do a good turn</p>
         <p>for them. Let the king have the letters I have</p>
         <p>sent; and repair thou to me with as much speed</p>
         <p>as thou wouldst fly death. I have words to speak</p>
         <p>in thine ear will make thee dumb; yet are they</p>
         <p>much too light for the bore of the matter. These</p>
         <p>good fellows will bring thee where I am. Rosencrantz</p>
         <p>and Guildenstern hold their course for England:</p>
         <p>of them I have much to tell thee. Farewell. “ He that</p>
         <p>thou knowest thine, HAMLET.</p>
         <p>Come, I will give you way for these your letters;</p>
         <p>And do't the speedier, that you may direct me</p>
         <p>To him from whom you brought them.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 7</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter KING and LAERTES.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Now must your conscience my acquittance seal,</p>
         <p>And you must put me in your heart for friend,</p>
         <p>Sith you have heard, and with a knowing ear,</p>
         <p>That he which hath your noble father slain</p>
         <p>Pursued my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>It well appears: but tell me</p>
         <p>Why you proceeded not against these feats,</p>
         <p>So criminal and so capital in nature,</p>
         <p>As by your safety, greatness, wisdom, all things else,</p>
         <p>You mainly were stirred up.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>O, for two special reasons;</p>
         <p>Which may to you, perhaps, seem much unsinewed,</p>
         <p>But yet to me they are strong. The queen his mother</p>
         <p>Lives almost by his looks; and for myself</p>
         <p>My virtue or my plague, be it either which</p>
         <p>She is so conjunctive to my life and soul,</p>
         <p>That, as the star moves not but in his sphere,</p>
         <p>I could not but by her. The other motive,</p>
         <p>Why to a public count I might not go,</p>
         <p>Is the great love the general gender bear him;</p>
         <p>Who, dipping all his faults in their affection,</p>
         <p>Work, like the spring that turneth wood to stone,</p>
         <p>Convert his gyves to graces; so that my arrows,</p>
         <p>Too slightly timbered for so loud a wind,</p>
         <p>Would have reverted to my bow again,</p>
         <p>But not where I have aimed them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>And so have I a noble father lost;</p>
         <p>A sister driven into desperate terms,</p>
         <p>Whose worth, if praises may go back again,</p>
         <p>Stood challenger on mount of all the age</p>
         <p>For her perfections: but my revenge will come.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Break not your sleeps for that: you must not think</p>
         <p>That we are made of stuff so flat and dull</p>
         <p>That we can let our beard be shook with danger</p>
         <p>And think it pastime. You shortly shall hear more:</p>
         <p>I loved your father, and we love ourself;</p>
         <p>And that, I hope, will teach you to imagine</p>
         <p>How now! what news?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter a Messenger.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Messenger</h3>
         <p>Letters, my lord, from Hamlet:</p>
         <p>These to your majesty; this to the queen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>From Hamlet! who brought them?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Messenger</h3>
         <p>Sailors, my lord, they say; I saw them not:</p>
         <p>They were given me by Claudio; he received them</p>
         <p>Of him that brought them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Laertes, you shall hear them.</p>
         <p>Leave us.</p>
         <p>“ High and mighty, You shall know I am set naked</p>
         <p>on your kingdom. To-morrow shall I beg leave to</p>
         <p>see your kingly eyes: when I shall, first asking</p>
         <p>you pardon thereunto, recount the occasion of my</p>
         <p>sudden and more strange return. “ HAMLET.”</p>
         <p>What should this mean? Are all the rest come back?</p>
         <p>Or is it some abuse and no such thing?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Know you the hand?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>'Tis Hamlet's character. “ Naked!”</p>
         <p>And in a postscript here, he says “ alone.”</p>
         <p>Can you devise me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>I am lost in it, my lord. But let him come;</p>
         <p>It warms the very sickness in my heart,</p>
         <p>That I shall live and tell him to his teeth,</p>
         <p>“ Thus didst thou.”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>If it be so, Laertes</p>
         <p>As how should it be so? how otherwise?</p>
         <p>Will you be ruled by me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord;</p>
         <p>So you will not o'errule me to a peace.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>To thine own peace. If he be now returned,</p>
         <p>As checking at his voyage, and that he means</p>
         <p>No more to undertake it, I will work him</p>
         <p>To an exploit, now ripe in my device,</p>
         <p>Under the which he shall not choose but fall:</p>
         <p>And for his death no wind of blame shall breathe,</p>
         <p>But even his mother shall uncharge the practice</p>
         <p>And call it accident.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>My lord, I will be ruled;</p>
         <p>The rather, if you could devise it so</p>
         <p>That I might be the organ.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>It falls right.</p>
         <p>You have been talked of since your travel much,</p>
         <p>And that in Hamlet's hearing, for a quality</p>
         <p>Wherein, they say, you shine: your sum of parts</p>
         <p>Did not together pluck such envy from him</p>
         <p>As did that one, and that, in my regard,</p>
         <p>Of the unworthiest siege.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>What part is that, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>A very riband in the cap of youth,</p>
         <p>Yet needful too; for youth no less becomes</p>
         <p>The light and careless livery that it wears</p>
         <p>Than settled age his sables and his weeds,</p>
         <p>Importing health and graveness. Two months since,</p>
         <p>Here was a gentleman of Normandy:</p>
         <p>I have seen myself, and served against, the French,</p>
         <p>And they can well on horseback: but this gallant</p>
         <p>Had witchcraft in't; he grew unto his seat;</p>
         <p>And to such wondrous doing brought his horse,</p>
         <p>As had he been incorpsed and demi-natured</p>
         <p>With the brave beast: so far he topped my thought,</p>
         <p>That I, in forgery of shapes and tricks,</p>
         <p>Come short of what he did.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>A Norman was't?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>A Norman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Upon my life, Lamord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>The very same.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>I know him well: he is the brooch indeed</p>
         <p>And gem of all the nation.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>He made confession of you,</p>
         <p>And gave you such a masterly report</p>
         <p>For art and exercise in your defence</p>
         <p>And for your rapier most especial,</p>
         <p>That he cried out, 'twould be a sight indeed,</p>
         <p>If one could match you: the scrimers of their nation,</p>
         <p>He swore, had neither motion, guard, nor eye,</p>
         <p>If you opposed them. Sir, this report of his</p>
         <p>Did Hamlet so envenom with his envy</p>
         <p>That he could nothing do but wish and beg</p>
         <p>Your sudden coming o'er, to play with you.</p>
         <p>Now, out of this,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>What out of this, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Laertes, was your father dear to you?</p>
         <p>Or are you like the painting of a sorrow,</p>
         <p>A face without a heart?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Why ask you this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Not that I think you did not love your father;</p>
         <p>But that I know love is begun by time;</p>
         <p>And that I see, in passages of proof,</p>
         <p>Time qualifies the spark and fire of it.</p>
         <p>There lives within the very flame of love</p>
         <p>A kind of wick or snuff that will abate it;</p>
         <p>And nothing is at a like goodness still;</p>
         <p>For goodness, growing to a plurisy,</p>
         <p>Dies in his own too much: that we would do,</p>
         <p>We should do when we would; for this “ would ” changes</p>
         <p>And hath abatements and delays as many</p>
         <p>As there are tongues, are hands, are accidents;</p>
         <p>And then this “ should ” is like a spendthrift's sigh,</p>
         <p>That hurts by easing. But, to the quick o' the ulcer:</p>
         <p>Hamlet comes back: what would you undertake,</p>
         <p>To show yourself indeed your father's son</p>
         <p>More than in words?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>To cut his throat i' the church.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>No place, indeed, should murder sanctuarize;</p>
         <p>Revenge should have no bounds. But, good Laertes,</p>
         <p>Will you do this, keep close within your chamber.</p>
         <p>Hamlet returned shall know you are come home:</p>
         <p>We'll put on those shall praise your excellence</p>
         <p>And set a double varnish on the fame</p>
         <p>The Frenchman gave you, bring you in fine together</p>
         <p>And wager o'er your heads: he, being remiss,</p>
         <p>Most generous and free from all contriving,</p>
         <p>Will not peruse the foils; so that, with ease,</p>
         <p>Or with a little shuffling, you may choose</p>
         <p>A sword unbated, and in a pass of practice</p>
         <p>Requite him for your father.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>I will do't:</p>
         <p>And, for that purpose, I'll anoint my sword.</p>
         <p>I bought an unction of a mountebank,</p>
         <p>So mortal that, but dip a knife in it,</p>
         <p>Where it draws blood no cataplasm so rare,</p>
         <p>Collected from all simples that have virtue</p>
         <p>Under the moon, can save the thing from death</p>
         <p>That is but scratched withal: I'll touch my point</p>
         <p>With this contagion, that, if I gall him slightly,</p>
         <p>It may be death.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Let's further think of this;</p>
         <p>Weigh what convenience both of time and means</p>
         <p>May fit us to our shape: if this should fail,</p>
         <p>And that our drift look through our bad performance,</p>
         <p>'Twere better not assayed: therefore this project</p>
         <p>Should have a back or second, that might hold,</p>
         <p>If this did blast in proof. Soft! let me see:</p>
         <p>We'll make a solemn wager on your cunnings:</p>
         <p>I ha't:</p>
         <p>When in your motion you are hot and dry</p>
         <p>As make your bouts more violent to that end</p>
         <p>And that he calls for drink, I'll have preferred him</p>
         <p>A chalice for the nonce, whereon but sipping,</p>
         <p>If he by chance escape your venomed stuck,</p>
         <p>Our purpose may hold there. But stay, what noise?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter QUEEN.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>One woe doth tread upon another's heel,</p>
         <p>So fast they follow: your sister's drowned, Laertes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Drowned! O, where?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>There is a willow grows askaunt the brook</p>
         <p>That shows his hoar leaves in the glassy stream;</p>
         <p>Therewith fantastic garlands did she make</p>
         <p>Of crow-flowers, nettles, daisies, and long purples</p>
         <p>That liberal shepherds give a grosser name,</p>
         <p>But our cull-cold maids do dead men's fingers call them:</p>
         <p>There, on the pendent boughs her crownet weeds</p>
         <p>Clambering to hang, an envious sliver broke:</p>
         <p>When down her weedy trophies and herself</p>
         <p>Fell in the weeping brook. Her clothes spread wide;</p>
         <p>And, mermaid-like, awhile they bore her up:</p>
         <p>Which time she chanted snatches of old lauds;</p>
         <p>As one incapable of her own distress,</p>
         <p>Or like a creature native and indued</p>
         <p>Unto that element: but long it could not be</p>
         <p>Till that her garments, heavy with their drink,</p>
         <p>Pulled the poor wretch from her melodious lay</p>
         <p>To muddy death.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Alas, then, she is drowned?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Drowned, drowned.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia,</p>
         <p>And therefore I forbid my tears: but yet</p>
         <p>It is our trick; nature her custom holds,</p>
         <p>Let shame say what it will: when these are gone,</p>
         <p>The woman will be out. Adieu, my lord:</p>
         <p>I have a speech a' fire, that fain would blaze,</p>
         <p>But that this folly drowns it.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Let's follow, Gertrude:</p>
         <p>How much I had to do to calm his rage!</p>
         <p>Now fear I this will give it start again;</p>
         <p>Therefore let's follow.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 5, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A churchyard.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter two Clowns, with spades, c.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Is she to be buried in Christian burial when she</p>
         <p>wilfully seeks her own salvation?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>I tell thee she is; therefore make her grave</p>
         <p>straight: the crowner hath sat on her, and finds it</p>
         <p>Christian burial.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>How can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own</p>
         <p>defence?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Why, 'tis found so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>It must be “ se offendendo;” it cannot be else.</p>
         <p>For here lies the point: if I drown myself</p>
         <p>wittingly, it argues an act: and an act hath</p>
         <p>three branches; it is, to act, to do, to perform:</p>
         <p>argal, she drowned herself wittingly.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Nay, but hear you, goodman delver,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Give me leave. Here lies the water; good: here</p>
         <p>stands the man; good; if the man go to this water,</p>
         <p>and drown himself, it is, will he, nill he, he</p>
         <p>goes, mark you that; but if the water come to</p>
         <p>him and drown him, he drowns not himself: argal,</p>
         <p>he that is not guilty of his own death shortens not</p>
         <p>his own life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>But is this law?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Ay, marry, is't; crowner's quest law.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Will you ha' the truth an't? If this had not been</p>
         <p>a gentlewoman, she should have been buried out a'</p>
         <p>Christian burial.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Why, there thou say'st: and the more pity that</p>
         <p>great folk should have countenance in this world</p>
         <p>to drown or hang themselves, more than their</p>
         <p>even-Christian. Come, my spade. There is no</p>
         <p>ancient gentlemen but gardeners, ditchers, and</p>
         <p>grave-makers: they hold up Adam's profession.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Was he a gentleman?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>'A was the first that ever bore arms.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Why, he had none.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>What, art a heathen? How dost thou understand</p>
         <p>the Scripture? The Scripture says “ Adam digged:”</p>
         <p>could he dig without arms? I'll put another</p>
         <p>question to thee: if thou answerest me not to the</p>
         <p>purpose, confess thyself</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Go to.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>What is he that builds stronger than either the mason,</p>
         <p>the shipwright, or the carpenter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>The gallows-maker; for that outlives a thousand</p>
         <p>tenants.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>I like thy wit well, in good faith: the gallows</p>
         <p>does well; but how does it well? it does well to</p>
         <p>those that do ill: now thou dost ill to say the</p>
         <p>gallows is built stronger than the church: argal, the</p>
         <p>gallows may do well to thee. To't again, come.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>“ Who builds stronger than a mason, a shipwright, or a</p>
         <p>carpenter?”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Ay, tell me that, and unyoke.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Marry, now I can tell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>To't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Second Clown</h3>
         <p>Mass, I cannot tell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Cudgel thy brains no more about it, for your dull</p>
         <p>ass will not mend his pace with beating; and,</p>
         <p>when you are asked this question next, say “ a</p>
         <p>grave-maker:” the houses he makes lasts till</p>
         <p>doomsday. Go, get thee in and fetch me a stoup of</p>
         <p>liquor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Has this fellow no feeling of his business, 'a sings</p>
         <p>in grave-making?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Custom hath made it in him a property of easiness.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>'Tis e'en so: the hand of little employment hath the</p>
         <p>daintier sense.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That skull had a tongue in it, and could sing</p>
         <p>once: how the knave jowls it to the ground, as</p>
         <p>if 'twere Cain's jaw-bone, that did the first</p>
         <p>murder! This might be the pate of a politician,</p>
         <p>which this ass now o'erreaches; one that would</p>
         <p>circumvent God, might it not?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>It might, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Or of a courtier; which could say “ Good morrow,</p>
         <p>sweet lord! How dost thou, sweet lord?” This</p>
         <p>might be my lord such-a-one, that praised my lord</p>
         <p>such-a-one's horse, when 'a meant to beg it; might it</p>
         <p>not?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, e'en so: and now my Lady Worm's; chapless,</p>
         <p>and knocked about the mazzard with a sexton's</p>
         <p>spade: here's fine revolution, an we had the</p>
         <p>trick to see't. Did these bones cost no more the</p>
         <p>breeding, but to play at loggats with 'em? mine ache</p>
         <p>to think on't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>There's another: why may not that be the skull</p>
         <p>of a lawyer? Where be his quiddities now, his</p>
         <p>quillities, his cases, his tenures, and his</p>
         <p>tricks? why does he suffer this mad knave now to</p>
         <p>knock him about the sconce with a dirty shovel,</p>
         <p>and will not tell him of his action of battery?</p>
         <p>Hum! This fellow might be in's time a great</p>
         <p>buyer of land, with his statutes, his recognizances,</p>
         <p>his fines, his double vouchers, his recoveries:</p>
         <p>is this the fine of his fines, and the recovery</p>
         <p>of his recoveries, to have his fine pate full of</p>
         <p>fine dirt? will his vouchers vouch him no more</p>
         <p>of his purchases, and double ones too, than the</p>
         <p>length and breadth of a pair of indentures? The</p>
         <p>very conveyances of his lands will scarcely lie</p>
         <p>in this box; and must the inheritor himself have no</p>
         <p>more, ha?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Not a jot more, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Is not parchment made of sheep-skins?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord, and of calf-skins too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>They are sheep and calves which seek out assurance</p>
         <p>in that. I will speak to this fellow. Whose grave's</p>
         <p>this, sirrah?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Mine, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I think it be thine, indeed; for thou liest in't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>You lie out on't, sir, and therefore 'tis not</p>
         <p>yours: for my part, I do not lie in't, yet it is mine.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Thou dost lie in't, to be in't and say it is</p>
         <p>thine: 'tis for the dead, not for the quick; therefore</p>
         <p>thou liest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>'Tis a quick lie, sir; 'twill away again, from me to</p>
         <p>you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What man dost thou dig it for?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>For no man, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What woman, then?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>For none, neither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Who is to be buried in't?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>One that was a woman, sir; but, rest her soul, she's</p>
         <p>dead.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How absolute the knave is! we must speak by the</p>
         <p>card, or equivocation will undo us. By the Lord,</p>
         <p>Horatio, this three years I have took note of</p>
         <p>it; the age is grown so picked that the toe of</p>
         <p>the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier, he</p>
         <p>galls his kibe. How long hast thou been grave-maker?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Of all the days i' the year, I came to't that day that</p>
         <p>our last king Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How long is that since?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Cannot you tell that? every fool can tell that:</p>
         <p>it was that very day that young Hamlet was born; he</p>
         <p>that is mad, and sent into England.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Ay, marry, why was he sent into England?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Why, because 'a was mad: 'a shall recover his</p>
         <p>wits there; or, if 'a do not, 'tis no great matter</p>
         <p>there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>'Twill not be seen in him there; there the men are as</p>
         <p>mad as he.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How came he mad?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Very strangely, they say.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How strangely?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Faith, e'en with losing his wits.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Upon what ground?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Why, here in Denmark: I have been sexton here, man and</p>
         <p>boy, thirty years.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How long will a man lie i' the earth ere he rot?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Faith, if 'a be not rotten before 'a die as we</p>
         <p>have many pocky corses that will scarce hold the</p>
         <p>laying in 'a will last you some eight year or nine</p>
         <p>year: a tanner will last you nine year.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why he more than another?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>Why, sir, his hide is so tanned with his trade,</p>
         <p>that 'a will keep out water a great while; and</p>
         <p>your water is a sore decayer of your whoreson</p>
         <p>dead body. Here's a skull now; hath lien you i' the</p>
         <p>earth three and twenty years.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Whose was it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>A whoreson mad fellow's it was: whose do you think it</p>
         <p>was?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, I know not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>A pestilence on him for a mad rogue! 'a poured</p>
         <p>a flagon of Rhenish on my head once. This same</p>
         <p>skull, sir, was, sir, Yorick's skull, the king's</p>
         <p>jester.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>This?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Clown</h3>
         <p>E'en that.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him, Horatio: a fellow</p>
         <p>of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy: he</p>
         <p>hath bore me on his back a thousand times; and</p>
         <p>now, how abhorred in my imagination it is! my</p>
         <p>gorge rises at it. Here hung those lips that I</p>
         <p>have kissed I know not how oft. Where be your</p>
         <p>gibes now? your gambols? your songs? your flashes</p>
         <p>of merriment, that were wont to set the table on</p>
         <p>a roar? Not one now, to mock your own grinning?</p>
         <p>quite chap-fallen? Now get you to my lady's</p>
         <p>chamber, and tell her, let her paint an inch</p>
         <p>thick, to this favour she must come; make her laugh at</p>
         <p>that. Prithee, Horatio, tell me one thing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>What's that, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Dost thou think Alexander looked a' this fashion i'</p>
         <p>the earth?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>E'en so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>And smelt so? pah!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>E'en so, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>To what base uses we may return, Horatio! Why</p>
         <p>may not imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander,</p>
         <p>till 'a find it stopping a bung-hole?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>'Twere to consider too curiously, to consider so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, faith, not a jot; but to follow him thither</p>
         <p>with modesty enough, and likelihood to lead it:</p>
         <p>Alexander died, Alexander was buried, Alexander</p>
         <p>returneth to dust; the dust is earth; of earth</p>
         <p>we make loam; and why of that loam, whereto he was</p>
         <p>converted, might they not stop a beer-barrel?</p>
         <p>But soft! but soft awhile: here comes the king,</p>
         <p>The queen, the courtiers: who is this they follow?</p>
         <p>And with such maimed rites? This doth betoken</p>
         <p>The corse they follow did with desperate hand</p>
         <p>Fordo it own life: 'twas of some estate.</p>
         <p>Couch we awhile and mark.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter Priests, c. in procession; the Corpse of OPHELIA, LAERTES and Mourners following;
            KING, QUEEN, their trains, c.</p>
         <p class="stage">Retiring with Horatio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>What ceremony else?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That is Laertes, a very noble youth, mark.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>What ceremony else?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Priest</h3>
         <p>Her obsequies have been as far enlarged</p>
         <p>As we have warranty: her death was doubtful;</p>
         <p>And, but that great command o'ersways the order,</p>
         <p>She should in ground unsanctified been lodged</p>
         <p>Till the last trumpet; for charitable prayers,</p>
         <p>Shards, flints and pebbles should be thrown on her:</p>
         <p>Yet here she is allowed her virgin crants,</p>
         <p>Her maiden strewments and the bringing home</p>
         <p>Of bell and burial.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Must there no more be done?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Priest</h3>
         <p>No more be done:</p>
         <p>We should profane the service of the dead</p>
         <p>To sing a requiem and such rest to her</p>
         <p>As to peace-parted souls.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Lay her i' the earth:</p>
         <p>And from her fair and unpolluted flesh</p>
         <p>May violets spring! I tell thee, churlish priest,</p>
         <p>A ministering angel shall my sister be,</p>
         <p>When thou liest howling.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What, the fair Ophelia!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Sweets to the sweet: farewell!</p>
         <p>I hoped thou shouldst have been my Hamlet's wife;</p>
         <p>I thought thy bride-bed to have decked, sweet maid,</p>
         <p>And not have strewed thy grave.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Scattering flowers.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>O, treble woe</p>
         <p>Fall ten times treble on that cursed head,</p>
         <p>Whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense</p>
         <p>Deprived thee of! Hold off the earth awhile,</p>
         <p>Till I have caught her once more in mine arms:</p>
         <p>Now pile your dust upon the quick and dead,</p>
         <p>Till of this flat a mountain you have made,</p>
         <p>To o'ertop old Pelion, or the skyish head</p>
         <p>Of blue Olympus.</p>
         <p class="stage">Leaps into the grave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What is he whose grief</p>
         <p>Bears such an emphasis? whose phrase of sorrow</p>
         <p>Conjures the wandering stars, and makes them stand</p>
         <p>Like wonder-wounded hearers? This is I,</p>
         <p>Hamlet the Dane.</p>
         <p class="stage">Leaps into the grave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">This might need its own category of insult, but since it is diminishing a characteristic,
            I called it a personal attack The devil take thy soul!</p>
         <p class="stage">Grappling with him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Thou pray'st not well.</p>
         <p>I prithee, take thy fingers from my throat;</p>
         <p>For, though I am not splenitive and rash,</p>
         <p>Yet have I in me something dangerous,</p>
         <p>Which let thy wisdom fear: hold off thy hand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Pluck them asunder.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Hamlet, Hamlet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All</h3>
         <p>Gentlemen,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Good my lord, be quiet.</p>
         <p class="stage">The Attendants part them, and they come out of the grave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, I will fight with him upon this theme</p>
         <p>Until my eyelids will no longer wag.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>O my son, what theme?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I loved Ophelia: forty thousand brothers</p>
         <p>Could not, with all their quantity of love,</p>
         <p>Make up my sum. What wilt thou do for her?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">O, he is mad, Laertes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>For love of God, forbear him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>'Swounds, show me what thou'lt do:</p>
         <p>Woo't weep? woo't fight? woo't fast? woo't tear thyself?</p>
         <p>Woo't drink up eisel? eat a crocodile?</p>
         <p>I'll do't. Dost thou come here to whine?</p>
         <p>To outface me with leaping in her grave?</p>
         <p>Be buried quick with her, and so will I:</p>
         <p>And, if thou prate of mountains, let them throw</p>
         <p>Millions of acres on us, till our ground,</p>
         <p>Singeing his pate against the burning zone,</p>
         <p>Make Ossa like a wart! Nay, an thou'lt mouth,</p>
         <p>I'll rant as well as thou.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>This is mere madness:</p>
         <p>And thus awhile the fit will work on him;</p>
         <p>Anon, as patient as the female dove,</p>
         <p>When that her golden couplets are disclosed,</p>
         <p>His silence will sit drooping.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Hear you, sir;</p>
         <p>What is the reason that you use me thus?</p>
         <p>I loved you ever: but it is no matter;</p>
         <p>Let Hercules himself do what he may,</p>
         <p>The cat will mew and dog will have his day.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>I pray thee, good Horatio, wait upon him.</p>
         <p>Strengthen your patience in our last night's speech;</p>
         <p>We'll put the matter to the present push.</p>
         <p>Good Gertrude, set some watch over your son.</p>
         <p>This grave shall have a living monument:</p>
         <p>An hour of quiet shortly shall we see;</p>
         <p>Till then, in patience our proceeding be.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Horatio. </p>
         <p class="stage">To Laertes</p>
         <p class="stage"> Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 5, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A hall in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter HAMLET and HORATIO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>So much for this, sir: now shall you see the other;</p>
         <p>You do remember all the circumstance?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Remember it, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Sir, in my heart there was a kind of fighting,</p>
         <p>That would not let me sleep: methought I lay</p>
         <p>Worse than the mutines in the bilboes. Rashly,</p>
         <p>And praised be rashness for it, let us know,</p>
         <p>Our indiscretion sometime serves us well,</p>
         <p>When our deep plots do pall: and that should learn us</p>
         <p>There's a divinity that shapes our ends,</p>
         <p>Rough-hew them how we will,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>That is most certain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Up from my cabin,</p>
         <p>My sea-gown scarfed about me, in the dark</p>
         <p>Groped I to find out them; had my desire,</p>
         <p>Fingered their packet, and in fine withdrew</p>
         <p>To mine own room again; making so bold,</p>
         <p>My fears forgetting manners, to unseal</p>
         <p>Their grand commission; where I found, Horatio,</p>
         <p>Ah, royal knavery! — an exact command,</p>
         <p>Larded with many several sorts of reasons</p>
         <p>Importing Denmark's health and England's too,</p>
         <p>With ho! such bugs and goblins in my life,</p>
         <p>That, on the supervise, no leisure bated,</p>
         <p>No, not to stay the grinding of the axe,</p>
         <p>My head should be struck off.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Is't possible?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Here's the commission: read it at more leisure.</p>
         <p>But wilt thou hear now how I did proceed?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>I beseech you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Being thus be-netted round with villainies —</p>
         <p>Or I could make a prologue to my brains,</p>
         <p>They had begun the play — I sat me down,</p>
         <p>Devised a new commission, wrote it fair:</p>
         <p>I once did hold it, as our statists do,</p>
         <p>A baseness to write fair and laboured much</p>
         <p>How to forget that learning, but, sir, now</p>
         <p>It did me yeoman's service: wilt thou know</p>
         <p>The effect of what I wrote?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Ay, good my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>An earnest conjuration from the king,</p>
         <p>As England was his faithful tributary,</p>
         <p>As love between them like the palm might flourish,</p>
         <p>As peace should still her wheaten garland wear</p>
         <p>And stand a comma 'tween their amities,</p>
         <p>And many such-like “ As'es of great charge,</p>
         <p>That, on the view and knowing of these contents.</p>
         <p>Without debatement further, more or less,</p>
         <p>He should those bearers put to sudden death,</p>
         <p>Not shriving time allowed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>How was this sealed?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, even in that was heaven ordinant.</p>
         <p>I had my father's signet in my purse,</p>
         <p>Which was the model of that Danish seal;</p>
         <p>Folded the writ up in the form of the other,</p>
         <p>Subscribed it, gave't the impression, placed it safely,</p>
         <p>The changeling never known. Now, the next day</p>
         <p>Was our sea-fight; and what to this was sequent</p>
         <p>Thou know'st already.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>So Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Why, man, they did make love to this employment;</p>
         <p>They are not near my conscience; their defeat</p>
         <p>Does by their own insinuation grow:</p>
         <p>'Tis dangerous when the baser nature comes</p>
         <p>Between the pass and fell incensed points</p>
         <p>Of mighty opposites.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Why, what a king is this!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Does it not, think thee, stand me now upon —</p>
         <p>He that hath killed my king and whored my mother,</p>
         <p>Popped in between the election and my hopes,</p>
         <p>Thrown out his angle for my proper life,</p>
         <p>And with such cozenage — is't not perfect conscience,</p>
         <p>To quit him with this arm? and is't not to be damned,</p>
         <p>To let this canker of our nature come</p>
         <p>In further evil?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>It must be shortly known to him from England</p>
         <p>What is the issue of the business there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It will be short: the interim's mine;</p>
         <p>And a man's life's no more than to say “ One.”</p>
         <p>But I am very sorry, good Horatio,</p>
         <p>That to Laertes I forgot myself;</p>
         <p>For, by the image of my cause, I see</p>
         <p>The portraiture of his: I'll court his favours:</p>
         <p>But, sure, the bravery of his grief did put me</p>
         <p>Into a towering passion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Peace! who comes here?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter OSRIC.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Your lordship is right welcome back to Denmark.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">I humbly thank you, sir. Dost know this water-fly?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>No. my good lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Thy state is the more gracious; for 'tis a vice</p>
         <p class="textInsult">to know him. He hath much land, and fertile: let</p>
         <p>a beast be lord of beasts, and his crib shall</p>
         <p>stand at the king's mess: 'tis a chough; but, as I</p>
         <p>say, spacious in the possession of dirt.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Sweet lord, if your lordship were at leisure, I should</p>
         <p>impart a thing to you from his majesty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I will receive it, sir, with all diligence of</p>
         <p>spirit. Put your bonnet to his right use; 'tis for the</p>
         <p>head.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>I thank your lordship, it is very hot.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, believe me, 'tis very cold; the wind is northerly.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>It is indifferent cold, my lord, indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>But yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my</p>
         <p>complexion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Exceedingly, my lord; it is very sultry, as</p>
         <p>'twere, I cannot tell how. My lord, his majesty</p>
         <p>bade me signify to you that 'a has laid a great wager</p>
         <p>on your head: sir, this is the matter,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I beseech you, remember</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Nay, good my lord; for my ease, in good faith.</p>
         <p>Sir, here is newly come to court Laertes; believe</p>
         <p>me, an absolute gentleman, full of most excellent</p>
         <p>differences, of very soft society and great</p>
         <p>showing: indeed, to speak feelingly of him, he</p>
         <p>is the card or calendar of gentry, for you shall</p>
         <p>find in him the continent of what part a gentleman</p>
         <p>would see.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Sir, his definement suffers no perdition in you;</p>
         <p>though, I know, to divide him inventorially would</p>
         <p>dozy the arithmetic of memory, and yet but yaw</p>
         <p>neither, in respect of his quick sail. But, in</p>
         <p>the verity of extolment, I take him to be a soul</p>
         <p>of great article; and his infusion of such dearth</p>
         <p>and rareness, as, to make true diction of him,</p>
         <p>his semblable is his mirror; and who else would trace</p>
         <p>him, his umbrage, nothing more.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Your lordship speaks most infallibly of him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The concernancy, sir? why do we wrap the gentleman in</p>
         <p>our more rawer breath?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Is't not possible to understand in another tongue? You</p>
         <p>will to't, sir, really.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What imports the nomination of this gentleman?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Of Laertes?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>His purse is empty already; all's golden words are</p>
         <p>spent.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Of him, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>I know you are not ignorant</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I would you did, sir; yet, in faith, if you did, it</p>
         <p>would not much approve me. Well. sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>You are not ignorant of what excellence Laertes is</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I dare not confess that, lest I should compare</p>
         <p>with him in excellence; but, to know a man well, were</p>
         <p>to know himself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>I mean, sir, for his weapon; but in the imputation</p>
         <p>laid on him by them, in his meed he's unfellowed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What's his weapon?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Rapier and dagger.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>That's two of his weapons: but, well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>The king, sir, hath wagered with him six Barbary</p>
         <p>horses: against the which he has impawned, as I</p>
         <p>take it, six French rapiers and poniards, with</p>
         <p>their assigns, as girdle, hangers, and so: three</p>
         <p>of the carriages, in faith, are very dear to</p>
         <p>fancy, very responsive to the hilts, most delicate</p>
         <p>carriages, and of very liberal conceit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>What call you the carriages?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>I knew you must be edified by the margent ere you had</p>
         <p>done.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>The carriages, sir, are the hangers.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The phrase would be more germane to the matter,</p>
         <p>if we could carry a cannon by our sides: I would</p>
         <p>it might be hangers till then. But, on: six</p>
         <p>Barbary horses against six French swords, their</p>
         <p>assigns, and three liberal-conceited carriages;</p>
         <p>that's the French bet against the Danish. Why is this</p>
         <p>all “ impawned,” as you call it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>The king, sir, hath laid, that in a dozen passes</p>
         <p>between yourself and him, he shall not exceed</p>
         <p>you three hits: he hath laid on twelve for nine;</p>
         <p>and it would come to immediate trial, if your lordship</p>
         <p>would vouchsafe the answer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How if I answer “ no ”?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>I mean, my lord, the opposition of your person in</p>
         <p>trial.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Sir, I will walk here in the hall: if it please</p>
         <p>his majesty, it is the breathing time of day with</p>
         <p>me; let the foils be brought, the gentleman</p>
         <p>willing, and the king hold his purpose, I will</p>
         <p>win for him an I can; if not, I will gain nothing but</p>
         <p>my shame and the odd hits.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Shall I deliver you so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>To this effect, sir; after what flourish your nature</p>
         <p>will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>I commend my duty to your lordship.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Yours.</p>
         <p>'A does well to commend it himself; there are no</p>
         <p>tongues else for's turn.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">This lapwing runs away with the shell on his head.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>'A did comply, sir, with his dug, before 'a sucked</p>
         <p>it. Thus has he and many more of the same breed</p>
         <p>that I know the drossy age dotes on only got the</p>
         <p>tune of the time and out of an habit of encounter;</p>
         <p>a kind of yesty collection, which carries them</p>
         <p>through and through the most fanned and winnowed</p>
         <p>opinions; and do but blow them to their trial, the</p>
         <p>bubbles are out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lord</h3>
         <p>My lord, his majesty commended him to you by</p>
         <p>young Osric, who brings back to him, that you</p>
         <p>attend him in the hall: he sends to know if your</p>
         <p>pleasure hold to play with Laertes, or that you will</p>
         <p>take longer time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I am constant to my purposes; they follow the</p>
         <p>king's pleasure: if his fitness speaks, mine is ready;</p>
         <p>now or whensoever, provided I be so able as now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lord</h3>
         <p>The king and queen and all are coming down.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>In happy time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lord</h3>
         <p>The queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment</p>
         <p>to Laertes before you fall to play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>She well instructs me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>You will lose, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I do not think so; since he went into France, I</p>
         <p>have been in continual practice: I shall win at</p>
         <p>the odds. Thou wouldst not think how ill all's here</p>
         <p>about my heart: but it is no matter.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Nay, good my lord,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>It is but foolery; but it is such a kind of</p>
         <p>gain-giving, as would perhaps trouble a woman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>If your mind dislike any thing, obey it: I will</p>
         <p>forestall their repair hither, and say you are not</p>
         <p>fit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Not a whit, we defy augury: there is special</p>
         <p>providence in the fall of a sparrow. If it be</p>
         <p>now, 'tis not to come; if it be not to come, it</p>
         <p>will be now; if it be not now, yet it will come:</p>
         <p>the readiness is all: since no man of aught he leaves</p>
         <p>knows what is't to leave betimes? Let be.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Come, Hamlet, come, and take this hand from me.</p>
         <p class="stage">The King puts Laertes' hand into Hamlet's.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Give me your pardon, sir: I have done you wrong;</p>
         <p>But pardon't, as you are a gentleman.</p>
         <p>This presence knows,</p>
         <p>And you must needs have heard, how I am punished</p>
         <p>With a sore distraction. What I have done,</p>
         <p>That might your nature, honour and exception</p>
         <p>Roughly awake, I here proclaim was madness.</p>
         <p>Was't Hamlet wronged Laertes? Never Hamlet:</p>
         <p>If Hamlet from himself be ta'en away,</p>
         <p>And when he's not himself does wrong Laertes,</p>
         <p>Then Hamlet does it not, Hamlet denies it.</p>
         <p>Who does it, then? His madness: if't be so,</p>
         <p>Hamlet is of the faction that is wronged;</p>
         <p>His madness is poor Hamlet's enemy.</p>
         <p>Sir, in this audience,</p>
         <p>Let my disclaiming from a purposed evil</p>
         <p>Free me so far in your most generous thoughts,</p>
         <p>That I have shot my arrow o'er the house,</p>
         <p>And hurt my brother.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>I am satisfied in nature,</p>
         <p>Whose motive, in this case, should stir me most</p>
         <p>To my revenge: but in my terms of honour</p>
         <p>I stand aloof; and will no reconcilement,</p>
         <p>Till by some elder masters, of known honour,</p>
         <p>I have a voice and precedent of peace,</p>
         <p>To keep my name ungored. But till that time,</p>
         <p>I do receive your offered love like love,</p>
         <p>And will not wrong it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I embrace it freely;</p>
         <p>And will this brothers' wager frankly play.</p>
         <p>Give us the foils. Come on.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Come, one for me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I'll be your foil, Laertes: in mine ignorance</p>
         <p>Your skill shall, like a star i' the darkest night,</p>
         <p>Stick fiery off indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>You mock me, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>No, by this hand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Give them the foils, young Osric. Cousin Hamlet,</p>
         <p>You know the wager?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Very well, my lord;</p>
         <p>Your grace has laid the odds a' the weaker side.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>I do not fear it; I have seen you both:</p>
         <p>But since he is bettered, we have therefore odds.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>This is too heavy, let me see another.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>This likes me well. These foils have all a length?</p>
         <p class="stage">They prepare to play. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Ay, my good lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Set me the stoups of wine upon that table.</p>
         <p>If Hamlet give the first or second hit,</p>
         <p>Or quit in answer of the third exchange,</p>
         <p>Let all the battlements their ordnance fire;</p>
         <p>The king shall drink to Hamlet's better breath;</p>
         <p>And in the cup an union shall he throw,</p>
         <p>Richer than that which four successive kings</p>
         <p>In Denmark's crown have worn. Give me the cups;</p>
         <p>And let the kettle to the trumpet speak,</p>
         <p>The trumpet to the cannoneer without,</p>
         <p>The cannons to the heavens, the heaven to earth,</p>
         <p>“ Now the king drinks to Hamlet.” Come, begin:</p>
         <p>And you, the judges, bear a wary eye.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Come on, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Come, my lord.</p>
         <p class="stage">They play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>One.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>No.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Judgement.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>A hit, a very palpable hit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Well; again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Stay; give me drink. Hamlet, this pearl is thine;</p>
         <p>Here's to thy health. Give him the cup.</p>
         <p class="stage">Trumpets sound, and cannon shot off within.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I'll play this bout first; set it by awhile.</p>
         <p>Come.</p>
         <p>Another hit; what say you?</p>
         <p class="stage">They play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>A touch, a touch, I do confess't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Our son shall win.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">He's fat, and scant of breath.</p>
         <p>Here, Hamlet, take my napkin, rub thy brows:</p>
         <p>The queen carouses to thy fortune, Hamlet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Good madam!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Gertrude, do not drink.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>I will, my lord; I pray you, pardon me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>It is the poisoned cup: it is too late.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>I dare not drink yet, madam; by and by.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>Come, let me wipe thy face.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>My lord, I'll hit him now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>I do not think't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>And yet it is almost against my conscience.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Come, for the third, Laertes: you do but dally;</p>
         <p>I pray you, pass with your best violence;</p>
         <p>I am sure you make a wanton of me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Say you so? come on.</p>
         <p class="stage">They play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Nothing, neither way.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Have at you now!</p>
         <p class="stage">Laertes wounds Hamlet; then,  in scuffling, they change rapiers, and Hamlet wounds
            Laertes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>Part them: they are incensed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Nay, come, again.</p>
         <p class="stage">The Queen falls.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Look to the queen there, ho!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>They bleed on both sides. How is it, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>How is't, Laertes?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>Why, as a woodcock to mine own springe, Osric;</p>
         <p>I am justly killed with mine own treachery.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>How does the queen?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>She swoons to see them bleed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gertrude</h3>
         <p>No, no, the drink, the drink, O my dear Hamlet,</p>
         <p>The drink, the drink! I am poisoned.</p>
         <p class="stage">Dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O villainy! Ho! let the door be locked:</p>
         <p>Treachery! Seek it out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>It is here, Hamlet: Hamlet, thou art slain;</p>
         <p>No medicine in the world can do thee good;</p>
         <p>In thee there is not half an hour's life;</p>
         <p>The treacherous instrument is in thy hand,</p>
         <p>Unbated and envenomed: the foul practice</p>
         <p>Hath turned itself on me; lo, here I lie,</p>
         <p>Never to rise again: thy mother's poisoned:</p>
         <p>I can no more: the king, the king's to blame.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>The point envenomed too!</p>
         <p>Then, venom, to thy work.</p>
         <p class="stage">Stabs the King.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All</h3>
         <p>Treason! treason!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">King</h3>
         <p>O, yet defend me, friends; I am but hurt.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p class="textInsult">Here, thou incestuous, murderous, damned Dane,</p>
         <p>Drink off this potion. Is thy union here?</p>
         <p>Follow my mother.</p>
         <p class="stage">King dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Laertes</h3>
         <p>He is justly served;</p>
         <p>It is a poison tempered by himself.</p>
         <p>Exchange forgiveness with me, noble Hamlet:</p>
         <p>Mine and my father's death come not upon thee,</p>
         <p>Nor thine on me!</p>
         <p class="stage">Dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>Heaven make thee free of it! I follow thee.</p>
         <p>I am dead, Horatio. Wretched queen, adieu!</p>
         <p>You that look pale and tremble at this chance,</p>
         <p>That are but mutes or audience to this act,</p>
         <p>Had I but time — as this fell sergeant, death,</p>
         <p>Is strict in his arrest — O, I could tell you</p>
         <p>But let it be. Horatio, I am dead;</p>
         <p>Thou livest; report me and my cause aright</p>
         <p>To the unsatisfied.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Never believe it:</p>
         <p>I am more an antique Roman than a Dane:</p>
         <p>Here's yet some liquor left.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>As th' art a man,</p>
         <p>Give me the cup: let go; by heaven, I'll have't.</p>
         <p>O good Horatio, what a wounded name,</p>
         <p>Things standing thus unknown, shall I leave behind me</p>
         <p>If thou didst ever hold me in thy heart,</p>
         <p>Absent thee from felicity awhile,</p>
         <p>And in this harsh world draw thy breath in pain,</p>
         <p>To tell my story. What warlike noise is this?</p>
         <p class="stage">March afar off, and shot within.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Osric</h3>
         <p>Young Fortinbras, with conquest come from Poland,</p>
         <p>To the ambassadors of England gives</p>
         <p>This warlike volley.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hamlet</h3>
         <p>O, I die, Horatio;</p>
         <p>The potent poison quite o'ercrows my spirit:</p>
         <p>I cannot live to hear the news from England;</p>
         <p>But I do prophesy the election lights</p>
         <p>On Fortinbras: he has my dying voice;</p>
         <p>So tell him, with the occurrents, more and less,</p>
         <p>Which have solicited. The rest is silence.</p>
         <p class="stage">Dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Now cracks a noble heart. Good night, sweet prince;</p>
         <p>And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest!</p>
         <p>Why does the drum come hither?</p>
         <p class="stage">March within.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter FORTINBRAS, the English Ambassadors, and others.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fortinbras</h3>
         <p>Where is this sight?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>What is it you would see?</p>
         <p>If aught of woe or wonder, cease your search.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fortinbras</h3>
         <p>This quarry cries on havoc. O proud death,</p>
         <p>What feast is toward in thine eternal cell,</p>
         <p>That thou so many princes at a shot</p>
         <p>So bloodily hast struck?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Ambassador</h3>
         <p>The sight is dismal;</p>
         <p>And our affairs from England come too late:</p>
         <p>The ears are senseless that should give us hearing,</p>
         <p>To tell him his commandment is fulfilled,</p>
         <p>That Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead:</p>
         <p>Where should we have our thanks?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Not from his mouth,</p>
         <p>Had it the ability of life to thank you:</p>
         <p>He never gave commandment for their death.</p>
         <p>But since, so jump upon this bloody question,</p>
         <p>You from the Polack wars, and you from England,</p>
         <p>Are here arrived, give order that these bodies</p>
         <p>High on a stage be placed to the view;</p>
         <p>And let me speak to the yet unknowing world</p>
         <p>How these things came about: so shall you hear</p>
         <p>Of carnal, bloody, and unnatural acts,</p>
         <p>Of accidental judgements, casual slaughters,</p>
         <p>Of deaths put on by cunning and forced cause,</p>
         <p>And, in this upshot, purposes mistook</p>
         <p>Fall'n on the inventors' heads: all this can I</p>
         <p>Truly deliver.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fortinbras</h3>
         <p>Let us haste to hear it,</p>
         <p>And call the noblest to the audience.</p>
         <p>For me, with sorrow I embrace my fortune:</p>
         <p>I have some rights of memory in this kingdom,</p>
         <p>Which now to claim my vantage doth invite me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Horatio</h3>
         <p>Of that I shall have also cause to speak,</p>
         <p>And from his mouth whose voice will draw on more:</p>
         <p>But let this same be presently performed,</p>
         <p>Even while men's minds are wild; lest more mischance,</p>
         <p>On plots and errors, happen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fortinbras</h3>
         <p>Let four captains</p>
         <p>Bear Hamlet, like a soldier, to the stage;</p>
         <p>For he was likely, had he been put on,</p>
         <p>To have proved most royal: and, for his passage,</p>
         <p>The soldiers' music and the rite of war</p>
         <p>Speak loudly for him.</p>
         <p>Take up the bodies: such a sight as this</p>
         <p>Becomes the field, but here shows much amiss.</p>
         <p>Go, bid the soldiers shoot.</p>
         <p class="stage">A dead march.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt, bearing off the dead bodies; after which a peal of  ordnance is shot off.</p>
      </div>
   </body>
</html>