<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Shakespeare's Slights</title>
    </head>
    <body class="home">
        <!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml" -->
        <h1 id="mainTitle">Insults in Shakespearean Plays</h1>
        <div id="over">
            <h2 class="subTitle">Overview</h2>
            <p>This project aims to analyze both the presence of insults, and the
                linguistic features present within 4 separate Shakespeare plays – Hamlet, Othello,
                The Comedy of Errors, and A Midsummer Nights Dream. With this project, we were
                looking to learn whether there was any correlation to play type to insult frequency,
                and if there are any insult types that appear more often than others.</p>
            <p>
                <strong>Our main research questions:</strong>
            </p>
            <ul>
                <li>Is there any correlation between play genre and insult frequency?</li>
                <li>What pragmatic features are present within any given sentence to show explicitly that it is an insult?</li>
            </ul>
            <p>If anything you’ve read seems interesting to you, or you even just want to see what
                kind of terrible insults Shakespeare came up with, feel free to browse our site!</p>
        </div>
        <div id="abtDev">
            <h2 class="subTitle" id="devTitle">About the Developers</h2>
            <p>This project was developed in the fall 2021 semester for Computational Methods in the
                Digital Humanities course at the University of Pittsburgh. The team consisted of
                four main members and a project mentor.</p>
            <ul>
                <li><strong>Emily Martin</strong> is a senior Linguistics major German minor who
                    loves all things linguistic and wanted to learn more about web technologies. </li>
                <li><strong>Naiya Odhner</strong> is a junior majoring in Chinese and Linguistics.
                    They took this class to satisfy the methods course requirement for the
                    Linguistics major.</li>
                <li><strong>Dillon Shuster</strong> is a senior English Literature and Public and
                    Professional Writing major who enjoys anything computer based and hopes to
                    continue learning about markup languages.</li>
                <li><strong>Mason Gobat</strong> is a freshman planning to major in Computer
                    Science. He took this class to learn more programming languages as well as more
                    disciplines in which computer science is utilized.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>A special thanks goes to our project mentor, Caroline Gish, and our professor, Dr.
                David Birnbaum. They have been essential to the completion of the project as sources
                from which we drew knowledge and strength.</p>
        </div>
        <!--#include virtual="footer.xhtml" -->
    </body>
</html>
