<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:sha="http://insults.obdurodon.org">
   <head>
      <title>Midsummer Night's Dream Reading View</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css"/>
   </head>
   <body class="corp"><!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml"-->
      <div class="pagination"><a href="hamReading.xhtml">Hamlet</a><a href="othReading.xhtml">Othello</a><a class="active" href="mndReading.xhtml">A Midsummer Night's Dream</a><a href="coeReading.xhtml">The Comedy of Errors</a></div>
      <h1 id="mainTitle">Midsummer Night's Dream</h1>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Athens. The palace of THESEUS.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter THESEUS, HIPPOLYTA, PHILOSTRATE, and Attendants.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Now, fair Hippolyta, our nuptial hour</p>
         <p>Draws on apace; four happy days bring in</p>
         <p>Another moon: but, O, methinks, how slow</p>
         <p>This old moon wanes! she lingers my desires,</p>
         <p>Like to a stepdame or a dowager</p>
         <p>Long withering out a young man's revenue.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>Four days will quickly steep themselves in night;</p>
         <p>Four nights will quickly dream away the time;</p>
         <p>And then the moon, like to a silver bow</p>
         <p>New bent in heaven, shall behold the night</p>
         <p>Of our solemnities.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Go, Philostrate,</p>
         <p>Stir up the Athenian youth to merriments;</p>
         <p>Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth;</p>
         <p>Turn melancholy forth to funerals;</p>
         <p>The pale companion is not for our pomp.</p>
         <p>Hippolyta, I wooed thee with my sword,</p>
         <p>And won thy love, doing thee injuries;</p>
         <p>But I will wed thee in another key,</p>
         <p>With pomp, with triumph and with revelling.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Philostrate.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter EGEUS, HERMIA, LYSANDER,  and DEMETRIUS.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Egeus</h3>
         <p>Happy be Theseus, our renowned duke!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Thanks, good Egeus: what's the news with thee?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Egeus</h3>
         <p>Full of vexation come I, with complaint</p>
         <p>Against my child, my daughter Hermia.</p>
         <p>Stand forth, Demetrius. My noble lord,</p>
         <p>This man hath my consent to marry her.</p>
         <p>Stand forth, Lysander: and, my gracious duke,</p>
         <p>This man hath bewitched the bosom of my child;</p>
         <p>Thou, thou, Lysander, thou hast given her rhymes,</p>
         <p>And interchanged love-tokens with my child:</p>
         <p>Thou hast by moonlight at her window sung,</p>
         <p>With feigning voice verses of feigning love,</p>
         <p>And stolen the impression of her fantasy</p>
         <p>With bracelets of thy hair, rings, gawds, conceits,</p>
         <p>Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats, messengers</p>
         <p>Of strong prevailment in unhardened youth:</p>
         <p>With cunning hast thou filched my daughter's heart,</p>
         <p>Turned her obedience, which is due to me,</p>
         <p>To stubborn harshness: and, my gracious duke,</p>
         <p>Be it so she will not here before your grace</p>
         <p>Consent to marry with Demetrius,</p>
         <p>I beg the ancient privilege of Athens,</p>
         <p>As she is mine, I may dispose of her:</p>
         <p>Which shall be either to this gentleman</p>
         <p>Or to her death, according to our law</p>
         <p>Immediately provided in that case.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>What say you, Hermia? be advised, fair maid:</p>
         <p>To you your father should be as a god;</p>
         <p>One that composed your beauties, yea, and one</p>
         <p>To whom you are but as a form in wax</p>
         <p>By him imprinted and within his power</p>
         <p>To leave the figure or disfigure it.</p>
         <p>Demetrius is a worthy gentleman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>So is Lysander.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>In himself he is;</p>
         <p>But in this kind, wanting your father's voice,</p>
         <p>The other must be held the worthier.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I would my father looked but with my eyes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Rather your eyes must with his judgement look.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I do entreat your grace to pardon me.</p>
         <p>I know not by what power I am made bold,</p>
         <p>Nor how it may concern my modesty,</p>
         <p>In such a presence here to plead my thoughts;</p>
         <p>But I beseech your grace that I may know</p>
         <p>The worst that may befall me in this case,</p>
         <p>If I refuse to wed Demetrius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Either to die the death or to abjure</p>
         <p>For ever the society of men.</p>
         <p>Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires;</p>
         <p>Know of your youth, examine well your blood,</p>
         <p>Whether, if you yield not to your father's choice,</p>
         <p>You can endure the livery of a nun,</p>
         <p>For aye to be in shady cloister mewed,</p>
         <p>To live a barren sister all your life,</p>
         <p>Chanting faint hymns to the cold fruitless moon.</p>
         <p>Thrice blessed they that master so their blood,</p>
         <p>To undergo such maiden pilgrimage;</p>
         <p>But earthlier happy is the rose distilled,</p>
         <p>Than that which withering on the virgin thorn</p>
         <p>Grows, lives and dies in single blessedness.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>So will I grow, so live, so die, my lord,</p>
         <p>Ere I will yield my virgin patent up</p>
         <p>Unto his lordship, whose unwished yoke</p>
         <p>My soul consents not to give sovereignty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Take time to pause; and, by the next new moon —</p>
         <p>The sealing-day betwixt my love and me,</p>
         <p>For everlasting bond of fellowship —</p>
         <p>Upon that day either prepare to die</p>
         <p>For disobedience to your father's will,</p>
         <p>Or else to wed Demetrius, as he would;</p>
         <p>Or on Diana's altar to protest</p>
         <p>For aye austerity and single life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Relent, sweet Hermia: and, Lysander, yield,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="0">Thy crazed title to my certain right.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>You have her father's love, Demetrius;</p>
         <p>Let me have Hermia's: do you marry him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Egeus</h3>
         <p>Scornful Lysander! true, he hath my love,</p>
         <p>And what is mine my love shall render him.</p>
         <p>And she is mine, and all my right of her</p>
         <p>I do estate unto Demetrius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>I am, my lord, as well derived as he,</p>
         <p>As well possessed; my love is more than his;</p>
         <p>My fortunes every way as fairly ranked,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="1">If not with vantage, as Demetrius';</p>
         <p>And, which is more than all these boasts can be,</p>
         <p>I am beloved of beauteous Hermia:</p>
         <p>Why should not I then prosecute my right?</p>
         <p>Demetrius, I'll avouch it to his head,</p>
         <p>Made love to Nedar's daughter, Helena,</p>
         <p>And won her soul; and she, sweet lady, dotes,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="2">Devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatry,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="3">Upon this spotted and inconstant man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>I must confess that I have heard so much,</p>
         <p>And with Demetrius thought to have spoke thereof;</p>
         <p>But, being overfull of self-affairs,</p>
         <p>My mind did lose it. But, Demetrius, come;</p>
         <p>And come, Egeus; you shall go with me,</p>
         <p>I have some private schooling for you both.</p>
         <p>For you, fair Hermia, look you arm yourself</p>
         <p>To fit your fancies to your father's will;</p>
         <p>Or else the law of Athens yields you up —</p>
         <p>Which by no means we may extenuate —</p>
         <p>To death, or to a vow of single life.</p>
         <p>Come, my Hippolyta: what cheer, my love?</p>
         <p>Demetrius and Egeus, go along:</p>
         <p>I must employ you in some business</p>
         <p>Against our nuptial and confer with you</p>
         <p>Of something nearly that concerns yourselves.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Egeus</h3>
         <p>With duty and desire we follow you.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all but Lysander and Hermia.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>How now, my love! why is your cheek so pale?</p>
         <p>How chance the roses there do fade so fast?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Belike for want of rain, which I could well</p>
         <p>Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Ay me! for aught that I could ever read,</p>
         <p>Could ever hear by tale or history,</p>
         <p>The course of true love never did run smooth;</p>
         <p>But, either it was different in blood, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>O cross! too high to be enthralled to low.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Or else misgraffed in respect of years, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>O spite! too old to be engaged to young.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Or else it stood upon the choice of friends, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>O hell! to choose love by another's eyes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Or, if there were a sympathy in choice,</p>
         <p>War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it,</p>
         <p>Making it momentary as a sound,</p>
         <p>Swift as a shadow, short as any dream;</p>
         <p>Brief as the lightning in the collied night,</p>
         <p>That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth,</p>
         <p>And ere a man hath power to say “ Behold!”</p>
         <p>The jaws of darkness do devour it up:</p>
         <p>So quick bright things come to confusion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>If then true lovers have been ever crossed,</p>
         <p>It stands as an edict in destiny:</p>
         <p>Then let us teach our trial patience,</p>
         <p>Because it is a customary cross,</p>
         <p>As due to love as thoughts and dreams and sighs,</p>
         <p>Wishes and tears, poor fancy's followers.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>A good persuasion; therefore, hear me, Hermia.</p>
         <p>I have a widow aunt, a dowager</p>
         <p>Of great revenue, and she hath no child:</p>
         <p>From Athens is her house remote seven leagues;</p>
         <p>And she respects me as her only son,</p>
         <p>There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee;</p>
         <p>And to that place the sharp Athenian law</p>
         <p>Cannot pursue us. If thou lovest me then,</p>
         <p>Steal forth thy father's house to-morrow night;</p>
         <p>And in the wood, a league without the town,</p>
         <p>Where I did meet thee once with Helena,</p>
         <p>To do observance to a morn of May,</p>
         <p>There will I stay for thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>My good Lysander!</p>
         <p>I swear to thee, by Cupid's strongest bow,</p>
         <p>By his best arrow with the golden head,</p>
         <p>By the simplicity of Venus' doves,</p>
         <p>By that which knitteth souls and prospers loves,</p>
         <p>And by that fire which burned the Carthage queen,</p>
         <p>When the false Troyan under sail was seen,</p>
         <p>By all the vows that ever men have broke,</p>
         <p>In number more than ever women spoke,</p>
         <p>In that same place thou hast appointed me,</p>
         <p>To-morrow truly will I meet with thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Keep promise, love. Look, here comes Helena.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HELENA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>God speed, fair Helena! whither away?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Call you me fair? that fair again unsay.</p>
         <p>Demetrius loves your fair: O happy fair!</p>
         <p>Your eyes are lodestars; and your tongue's sweet air</p>
         <p>More tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear,</p>
         <p>When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear.</p>
         <p>Sickness is catching: O, were favour so,</p>
         <p>Yours would I catch, fair Hermia, ere I go;</p>
         <p>My ear should catch your voice, my eye your eye,</p>
         <p>My tongue should catch your tongue's sweet melody.</p>
         <p>Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated,</p>
         <p>The rest I'll give to be to you translated.</p>
         <p>O, teach me how you look, and with what art</p>
         <p>You sway the motion of Demetrius' heart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I frown upon him, yet he loves me still.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>O that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I give him curses, yet he gives me love.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>O that my prayers could such affection move!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>The more I hate, the more he follows me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>The more I love, the more he hateth me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>None, but your beauty: would that fault were mine!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Take comfort: he no more shall see my face;</p>
         <p>Lysander and myself will fly this place.</p>
         <p>Before the time I did Lysander see,</p>
         <p>Seemed Athens as a paradise to me:</p>
         <p>O, then, what graces in my love do dwell,</p>
         <p>That he hath turned a heaven unto a hell!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Helen, to you our minds we will unfold:</p>
         <p>To-morrow night, when Phoebe doth behold</p>
         <p>Her silver visage in the watery glass,</p>
         <p>Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grass,</p>
         <p>A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal,</p>
         <p>Through Athens' gates have we devised to steal.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>And in the wood, where often you and I</p>
         <p>Upon faint primrose beds were wont to lie,</p>
         <p>Emptying our bosoms of their counsel sweet,</p>
         <p>There my Lysander and myself shall meet;</p>
         <p>And thence from Athens turn away our eyes,</p>
         <p>To seek new friends and stranger companies.</p>
         <p>Farewell, sweet playfellow; pray thou for us;</p>
         <p>And good luck grant thee thy Demetrius!</p>
         <p>Keep word, Lysander; we must starve our sight</p>
         <p>From lovers' food till morrow deep midnight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>I will, my Hermia.</p>
         <p>Helena, adieu:</p>
         <p>As you on him, Demetrius dote on you!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Herm.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>How happy some o'er other some can be!</p>
         <p>Through Athens I am thought as fair as she.</p>
         <p>But what of that? Demetrius thinks not so;</p>
         <p>He will not know what all but he do know:</p>
         <p>And as he errs, doting on Hermia's eyes,</p>
         <p>So I, admiring of his qualities:</p>
         <p>Things base and vile, holding no quantity,</p>
         <p>Love can transpose to form and dignity:</p>
         <p>Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind;</p>
         <p>And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind:</p>
         <p>Nor hath Love's mind of any judgement taste;</p>
         <p>Wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste:</p>
         <p>And therefore is Love said to be a child,</p>
         <p>Because in choice he is so oft beguiled.</p>
         <p>As waggish boys in game themselves forswear,</p>
         <p>So the boy Love is perjured every where:</p>
         <p>For ere Demetrius looked on Hermia's eyne,</p>
         <p>He hailed down oaths that he was only mine;</p>
         <p>And when this hail some heat from Hermia felt,</p>
         <p>So he dissolved, and showers of oaths did melt.</p>
         <p>I will go tell him of fair Hermia's flight:</p>
         <p>Then to the wood will he to-morrow night</p>
         <p>Pursue her; and for this intelligence</p>
         <p>If I have thanks, it is a dear expense:</p>
         <p>But herein mean I to enrich my pain,</p>
         <p>To have his sight thither and back again.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">Athens. QUINCE'S house.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter QUINCE, SNUG, BOTTOM, FLUTE, SNOUT and STARVELING.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Is all our company here?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>You were best to call them generally, man by man,</p>
         <p>according to the scrip.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Here is the scroll of every man's name, which is</p>
         <p>thought fit, through all Athens, to play in our</p>
         <p>interlude before the duke and the duchess, on his</p>
         <p>wedding-day at night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>First, good Peter Quince, say what the play treats</p>
         <p>on, then read the names of the actors, and so grow to</p>
         <p>a point.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Marry, our play is, The most lamentable comedy, and</p>
         <p>most cruel death of Pyramus and Thisby.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>A very good piece of work, I assure you, and a</p>
         <p>merry. Now, good Peter Quince, call forth your actors</p>
         <p>by the scroll. Masters, spread yourselves.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Answer as I call you. Nick Bottom, the weaver.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Ready. Name what part I am for, and proceed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>You, Nick Bottom, are set down for Pyramus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>What is Pyramus? a lover, or a tyrant?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>A lover, that kills himself most gallant for love.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>That will ask some tears in the true performing</p>
         <p>of it: if I do it, let the audience look to their</p>
         <p>eyes; I will move storms, I will condole in some</p>
         <p>measure. To the rest: yet my chief humour is for</p>
         <p>a tyrant: I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to</p>
         <p>tear a cat in, to make all split.</p>
         <p>The raging rocks</p>
         <p>And shivering shocks</p>
         <p>Shall break the locks</p>
         <p>Of prison gates;</p>
         <p>And Phibbus' car</p>
         <p>Shall shine from far</p>
         <p>And make and mar</p>
         <p>The foolish Fates.</p>
         <p>This was lofty! Now name the rest of the players.</p>
         <p>This is Ercles' vein, a tyrant's vein; a lover is more</p>
         <p>condoling.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Francis Flute, the bellows-mender.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>Here, Peter Quince.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Flute, you must take Thisby on you,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>What is Thisby? a wandering knight?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>It is the lady that Pyramus must love.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>Nay, faith, let not me play a woman;</p>
         <p>I have a beard coming.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>That's all one: you shall play it in a mask, and you</p>
         <p>may speak as small as you will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>An I may hide my face, let me play Thisby too,</p>
         <p>I'll speak in a monstrous little voice, “ Thisne,</p>
         <p>Thisne;” “ Ah, Pyramus, my lover dear! thy Thisby dear,</p>
         <p>and lady dear!”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>No, no; you must play Pyramus: and, Flute, you Thisby.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Well, proceed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Robin Starveling, the tailor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Starveling</h3>
         <p>Here, Peter Quince.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Robin Starveling, you must play Thisby's mother. Tom</p>
         <p>Snout, the tinker.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snout</h3>
         <p>Here, Peter Quince.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>You, Pyramus' father: myself, Thisby's father:</p>
         <p>Snug, the joiner; you, the lion's part: and, I hope,</p>
         <p>here is a play fitted.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snug</h3>
         <p>Have you the lion's part written? pray you, if it be,</p>
         <p>give it me, for I am slow of study.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but</p>
         <p>roaring.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Let me play the lion too: I will roar, that I</p>
         <p>will do any man's heart good to hear me; I will</p>
         <p>roar, that I will make the duke say “ Let him roar</p>
         <p>again, let him roar again.”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>An you should do it too terribly, you would fright</p>
         <p>the duchess and the ladies, that they would shriek;</p>
         <p>and that were enough to hang us all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All</h3>
         <p>That would hang us, every mother's son.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>I grant you, friends, if you should fright the</p>
         <p>ladies out of their wits, they would have no more</p>
         <p>discretion but to hang us: but I will aggravate</p>
         <p>my voice so that I will roar you as gently as</p>
         <p>any sucking dove; I will roar you an 'twere any</p>
         <p>nightingale.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>You can play no part but Pyramus; for Pyramus is</p>
         <p>a sweet-faced man; a proper man, as one shall</p>
         <p>see in a summer's day; a most lovely gentleman-like</p>
         <p>man; therefore you must needs play Pyramus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Well, I will undertake it. What beard were I best to</p>
         <p>play it in?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Why, what you will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>I will discharge it in either your straw-colour</p>
         <p>beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain</p>
         <p>beard, or your French-crown-colour beard, your perfect</p>
         <p>yellow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="4">Some of your French crowns have no hair at all,</p>
         <p>and then you will play barefaced. But, masters,</p>
         <p>here are your parts: and I am to entreat you,</p>
         <p>request you and desire you, to con them by</p>
         <p>to-morrow night; and meet me in the palace wood,</p>
         <p>a mile without the town, by moonlight; there will</p>
         <p>we rehearse, for if we meet in the city, we shall</p>
         <p>be dogged with company, and our devices known.</p>
         <p>In the meantime I will draw a bill of properties,</p>
         <p>such as our play wants. I pray you, fail me not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>We will meet; and there we may rehearse most</p>
         <p>obscenely and courageously. Take pains; be perfect:</p>
         <p>adieu.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>At the duke's oak we meet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Enough; hold or cut bow-strings.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A wood near Athens.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter, from opposite sides, a FAIRY, and PUCK.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>How now, spirit! whither wander you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fairy</h3>
         <p>Over hill, over dale,</p>
         <p>Thorough bush, thorough brier,</p>
         <p>Over park, over pale,</p>
         <p>Thorough flood, thorough fire,</p>
         <p>I do wander every where,</p>
         <p>Swifter than the moon's sphere;</p>
         <p>And I serve the fairy queen,</p>
         <p>To dew her orbs upon the green.</p>
         <p>The cowslips tall her pensioners be:</p>
         <p>In their gold coats spots you see;</p>
         <p>Those be rubies, fairy favours,</p>
         <p>In those freckles live their savours:</p>
         <p>I must go seek some dewdrops here</p>
         <p>And hang a pearl in every cowslip's ear.</p>
         <p>Farewell, thou lob of spirits; I'll be gone:</p>
         <p>Our queen and all her elves come here anon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>The king doth keep his revels here to-night:</p>
         <p>Take heed the queen come not within his sight;</p>
         <p>For Oberon is passing fell and wrath,</p>
         <p>Because that she as her attendant hath</p>
         <p>A lovely boy, stolen from an Indian king;</p>
         <p>She never had so sweet a changeling;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="5">And jealous Oberon would have the child</p>
         <p>Knight of his train, to trace the forests wild;</p>
         <p>But she perforce withholds the loved boy,</p>
         <p>Crowns him with flowers and makes him all her joy:</p>
         <p>And now they never meet in grove or green,</p>
         <p>By fountain clear, or spangled starlight sheen,</p>
         <p>But they do square, that all their elves for fear</p>
         <p>Creep into acorn-cups and hide them there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fairy</h3>
         <p>Either I mistake your shape and making quite,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="6">Or else you are that shrewd and knavish sprite</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="7">Called Robin Goodfellow: are not you he</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="8">That frights the maidens of the villagery;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="8">Skim milk, and are these serious insults or are they just joking around? sometimes
            labour in the quern</p>
         <p>And bootless make the breathless huswife churn;</p>
         <p>And sometime make the drink to bear no barm;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="9">Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm?</p>
         <p>Those that Hobgoblin call you and sweet Puck,</p>
         <p>You do their work, and they shall have good luck:</p>
         <p>Are not you he?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Thou speak'st aright;</p>
         <p>I am that merry wanderer of the night.</p>
         <p>I jest to Oberon and make him smile</p>
         <p>When I a fat and bean-fed horse beguile,</p>
         <p>Neighing in likeness of a filly foal:</p>
         <p>And sometime lurk I in a gossip's bowl,</p>
         <p>In very likeness of a roasted crab,</p>
         <p>And when she drinks, against her lips I bob</p>
         <p>And on her withered dewlap pour the ale.</p>
         <p>The wisest aunt, telling the saddest tale,</p>
         <p>Sometime for three-foot stool mistaketh me;</p>
         <p>Then slip I from her bum, down topples she,</p>
         <p>And “ tailor ” cries, and falls into a cough;</p>
         <p>And then the whole choir hold their hips and laugh,</p>
         <p>And waxen in their mirth and neeze and swear</p>
         <p>A merrier hour was never wasted there.</p>
         <p>But, room, fairy! here comes Oberon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Fairy</h3>
         <p>And here my mistress. Would that he were gone!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter, from one side, OBERON, with his train; from the other, TITANIA, with hers.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="9">Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="10">What, jealous Oberon! Fairies, skip hence:</p>
         <p>I have forsworn his bed and company.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Tarry, rash wanton: am not I thy lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Then I must be thy lady: but I know</p>
         <p>When thou hast stolen away from fairy land,</p>
         <p>And in the shape of Corin sat all day,</p>
         <p>Playing on pipes of corn and versing love</p>
         <p>To amorous Phillida. Why art thou here,</p>
         <p>Come from the farthest steep of India?</p>
         <p>But that, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon,</p>
         <p>Your buskined mistress and your warrior love,</p>
         <p>To Theseus must be wedded, and you come</p>
         <p>To give their bed joy and prosperity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>How canst thou thus for shame, Titania,</p>
         <p>Glance at my credit with Hippolyta,</p>
         <p>Knowing I know thy love to Theseus?</p>
         <p>Didst not thou lead him through the glimmering night</p>
         <p>From Perigenia, whom he ravished?</p>
         <p>And make him with fair AEgle break his faith,</p>
         <p>With Ariadne and Antiopa?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>These are the forgeries of jealousy:</p>
         <p>And never, since the middle summer's spring,</p>
         <p>Met we on hill, in dale, forest or mead,</p>
         <p>By paved fountain or by rushy brook,</p>
         <p>Or in the beached margent of the sea,</p>
         <p>To dance our ringlets to the whistling wind,</p>
         <p>But with thy brawls thou hast disturbed our sport.</p>
         <p>Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain,</p>
         <p>As in revenge, have sucked up from the sea</p>
         <p>Contagious fogs; which falling in the land</p>
         <p>Hath every pelting river made so proud</p>
         <p>That they have overborne their continents:</p>
         <p>The ox hath therefore stretched his yoke in vain,</p>
         <p>The ploughman lost his sweat, and the green corn</p>
         <p>Hath rotted ere his youth attained a beard;</p>
         <p>The fold stands empty in the drowned field,</p>
         <p>And crows are fatted with the murrion flock;</p>
         <p>The nine men's morris is filled up with mud,</p>
         <p>And the quaint mazes in the wanton green</p>
         <p>For lack of tread are undistinguishable:</p>
         <p>The human mortals want their winter here;</p>
         <p>No night is now with hymn or carol blest:</p>
         <p>Therefore the moon, the governess of floods,</p>
         <p>Pale in her anger, washes all the air,</p>
         <p>That rheumatic diseases do abound:</p>
         <p>And thorough this distemperature we see</p>
         <p>The seasons alter: hoary-headed frosts</p>
         <p>Fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose,</p>
         <p>And on old Hiems' thin and icy crown</p>
         <p>An odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds</p>
         <p>Is, as in mockery, set: the spring, the summer,</p>
         <p>The childing autumn, angry winter, change</p>
         <p>Their wonted liveries, and the mazed world,</p>
         <p>By their increase, now knows not which is which:</p>
         <p>And this same progeny of evils comes</p>
         <p>From our debate, from our dissension;</p>
         <p>We are their parents and original.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Do you amend it then; it lies in you:</p>
         <p>Why should Titania cross her Oberon?</p>
         <p>I do but beg a little changeling boy,</p>
         <p>To be my henchman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Set your heart at rest:</p>
         <p>The fairy land buys not the child of me.</p>
         <p>His mother was a votaress of my order:</p>
         <p>And, in the spiced Indian air, by night,</p>
         <p>Full often hath she gossiped by my side,</p>
         <p>And sat with me on Neptune's yellow sands,</p>
         <p>Marking the embarked traders on the flood,</p>
         <p>When we have laughed to see the sails conceive</p>
         <p>And grow big-bellied with the wanton wind;</p>
         <p>Which she, with pretty and with swimming gait</p>
         <p>Following, — her womb then rich with my young squire, —</p>
         <p>Would imitate, and sail upon the land,</p>
         <p>To fetch me trifles, and return again,</p>
         <p>As from a voyage, rich with merchandise.</p>
         <p>But she, being mortal, of that boy did die;</p>
         <p>And for her sake do I rear up her boy,</p>
         <p>And for her sake I will not part with him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>How long within this wood intend you stay?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Perchance till after Theseus' wedding-day.</p>
         <p>If you will patiently dance in our round</p>
         <p>And see our moonlight revels, go with us;</p>
         <p>If not, shun me, and I will spare your haunts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Give me that boy, and I will go with thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Not for thy fairy kingdom. Fairies, away!</p>
         <p>We shall chide downright, if I longer stay.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Titania with her train.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Well, go thy way: thou shalt not from this grove</p>
         <p>Till I torment thee for this injury.</p>
         <p>My gentle Puck, come hither. Thou rememberest</p>
         <p>Since once I sat upon a promontory,</p>
         <p>And heard a mermaid on a dolphin's back</p>
         <p>Uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath</p>
         <p>That the rude sea grew civil at her song</p>
         <p>And certain stars shot madly from their spheres,</p>
         <p>To hear the sea-maid's music.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>I remember.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>That very time I saw, but thou couldst not,</p>
         <p>Flying between the cold moon and the earth,</p>
         <p>Cupid all armed: a certain aim he took</p>
         <p>At a fair vestal throned by the west,</p>
         <p>And loosed his love-shaft smartly from his bow,</p>
         <p>As it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts;</p>
         <p>But I might see young Cupid's fiery shaft</p>
         <p>Quenched in the chaste beams of the watery moon,</p>
         <p>And the imperial votaress passed on,</p>
         <p>In maiden meditation, fancy-free.</p>
         <p>Yet marked I where the bolt of Cupid fell:</p>
         <p>It fell upon a little western flower,</p>
         <p>Before milk-white, now purple with love's wound,</p>
         <p>And maidens call it love-in-idleness.</p>
         <p>Fetch me that flower; the herb I showed thee once:</p>
         <p>The juice of it on sleeping eyelids laid</p>
         <p>Will make or man or woman madly dote</p>
         <p>Upon the next live creature that it sees.</p>
         <p>Fetch me this herb; and be thou here again</p>
         <p>Ere the leviathan can swim a league.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>I'll put a girdle round about the earth</p>
         <p>In forty minutes.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Having once this juice,</p>
         <p>I'll watch Titania when she is asleep,</p>
         <p>And drop the liquor of it in her eyes.</p>
         <p>The next thing then she waking looks upon,</p>
         <p>Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull,</p>
         <p>On meddling monkey, or on busy ape,</p>
         <p>She shall pursue it with the soul of love:</p>
         <p>And ere I take this charm from off her sight,</p>
         <p>As I can take it with another herb,</p>
         <p>I'll make her render up her page to me.</p>
         <p>But who comes here? I am invisible;</p>
         <p>And I will overhear their conference.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter DEMETRIUS, HELENA following him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>I love thee not, therefore pursue me not.</p>
         <p>Where is Lysander and fair Hermia?</p>
         <p>The one I'll slay, the other slayeth me.</p>
         <p>Thou told'st me they were stolen unto this wood;</p>
         <p>And here am I, and wode within this wood,</p>
         <p>Because I cannot meet my Hermia.</p>
         <p>Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="11">You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant;</p>
         <p>But yet you draw not iron, for my heart</p>
         <p>Is true as steel: leave you your power to draw,</p>
         <p>And I shall have no power to follow you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Do I entice you? do I speak you fair?</p>
         <p>Or, rather, do I not in plainest truth</p>
         <p>Tell you, I do not, nor I cannot love you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>And even for that do I love you the more.</p>
         <p>I am your spaniel; and, Demetrius,</p>
         <p>The more you beat me, I will fawn on you:</p>
         <p>Use me but as your spaniel, spurn me, strike me,</p>
         <p>Neglect me, lose me; only give me leave,</p>
         <p>Unworthy as I am, to follow you.</p>
         <p>What worser place can I beg in your love, —</p>
         <p>And yet a place of high respect with me, —</p>
         <p>Than to be used as you use your dog?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="12">I dunno really what to quantify this kind of thing as, it's not really a personal
            attack i don't think For I am sick when I do look on thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>And I am sick when I look not on you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>You do impeach your modesty too much,</p>
         <p>To leave the city and commit yourself</p>
         <p>Into the hands of one that loves you not;</p>
         <p>To trust the opportunity of night</p>
         <p>And the ill counsel of a desert place</p>
         <p>With the rich worth of your virginity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Your virtue is my privilege; for that</p>
         <p>It is not night when I do see your face,</p>
         <p>Therefore I think I am not in the night;</p>
         <p>Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company,</p>
         <p>For you in my respect are all the world:</p>
         <p>Then how can it be said I am alone,</p>
         <p>When all the world is here to look on me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>I'll run from thee and hide me in the brakes,</p>
         <p>And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>The wildest hath not such a heart as you.</p>
         <p>Run when you will, the story shall be changed:</p>
         <p>Apollo flies, and Daphne holds the chase;</p>
         <p>The dove pursues the griffin; the mild hind</p>
         <p>Makes speed to catch the tiger; bootless speed,</p>
         <p>When cowardice pursues and valour flies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>I will not stay thy questions; let me go:</p>
         <p>Or, if thou follow me, do not believe</p>
         <p>But I shall do thee mischief in the wood.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Ay, in the temple, in the town, the field,</p>
         <p>You do me mischief. Fie, Demetrius!</p>
         <p>Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex:</p>
         <p>We cannot fight for love, as men may do;</p>
         <p>We should be wooed and were not made to woo.</p>
         <p>I'll follow thee and make a heaven of hell,</p>
         <p>To die upon the hand I love so well.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Dem. </p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Fare thee well, nymph: ere he do leave this grove,</p>
         <p>Thou shalt fly him and he shall seek thy love.</p>
         <p>Hast thou the flower there? Welcome, wanderer.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter PUCK.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Ay, there it is.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>I pray thee, give it me.</p>
         <p>I know a bank where the wild thyme blows,</p>
         <p>Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows,</p>
         <p>Quite overcanopied with luscious woodbine,</p>
         <p>With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine:</p>
         <p>There sleeps Titania sometime of the night,</p>
         <p>Lulled in these flowers with dances and delight;</p>
         <p>And there the snake throws her enamelled skin,</p>
         <p>Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in:</p>
         <p>And with the juice of this I'll streak her eyes,</p>
         <p>And make her full of hateful fantasies.</p>
         <p>Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove:</p>
         <p>A sweet Athenian lady is in love</p>
         <p>With a disdainful youth: anoint his eyes;</p>
         <p>But do it when the next thing he espies</p>
         <p>May be the lady: thou shalt know the man</p>
         <p>By the Athenian garments he hath on.</p>
         <p>Effect it with some care, that he may prove</p>
         <p>More fond on her than she upon her love:</p>
         <p>And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Fear not, my lord, your servant shall do so.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another part of the wood.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter TITANIA, with her train.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Come, now a roundel and a fairy song;</p>
         <p>Then, for the third part of a minute, hence;</p>
         <p>Some to kill cankers in the musk-rose buds,</p>
         <p>Some war with rere-mice for their leathern wings,</p>
         <p>To make my small elves coats, and some keep back</p>
         <p>The clamorous owl that nightly hoots and wonders</p>
         <p>At our quaint spirits. Sing me now asleep;</p>
         <p>Then to your offices and let me rest.</p>
         <p class="stage">The Fairies sing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Fairy</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Chorus</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Fairy</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Chorus</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">SecondFairy</h3>
         <p>Hence, away! now all is well:</p>
         <p>One aloof stand sentinel.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Fairies. Titania sleeps.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter OBERON, and squeezes the flower on TITANIA'S eyelids.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>What thou seest when thou dost wake,</p>
         <p>Do it for thy true-love take,</p>
         <p>Love and languish for his sake:</p>
         <p>Be it ounce, or cat, or bear,</p>
         <p>Pard, or boar with bristled hair,</p>
         <p>In thy eye that shall appear</p>
         <p>When thou wakest, it is thy dear:</p>
         <p>Wake when some vile thing is near.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter LYSANDER and HERMIA. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Fair love, you faint with wandering in the wood;</p>
         <p>And to speak troth, I have forgot our way:</p>
         <p>We'll rest us, Hermia, if you think it good,</p>
         <p>And tarry for the comfort of the day.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Be't so, Lysander: find you out a bed;</p>
         <p>For I upon this bank will rest my head.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>One turf shall serve as pillow for us both;</p>
         <p>One heart, one bed, two bosoms and one troth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Nay, good Lysander; for my sake, my dear,</p>
         <p>Lie further off yet, do not lie so near.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>O, take the sense, sweet, of my innocence!</p>
         <p>Love takes the meaning in love's conference.</p>
         <p>I mean, that my heart unto yours is knit</p>
         <p>So that but one heart we can make of it;</p>
         <p>Two bosoms interchained with an oath;</p>
         <p>So then two bosoms and a single troth.</p>
         <p>Then by your side no bed-room me deny;</p>
         <p>For lying so, Hermia, I do not lie.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Lysander riddles very prettily:</p>
         <p>Now much beshrew my manners and my pride,</p>
         <p>If Hermia meant to say Lysander lied.</p>
         <p>But, gentle friend, for love and courtesy</p>
         <p>Lie further off; in human modesty,</p>
         <p>Such separation as may well be said</p>
         <p>Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid,</p>
         <p>So far be distant; and, good night, sweet friend:</p>
         <p>Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Amen, amen, to that fair prayer, say I;</p>
         <p>And then end life when I end loyalty!</p>
         <p>Here is my bed: sleep give thee all his rest!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>With half that wish the wisher's eyes be pressed!</p>
         <p class="stage">They sleep. </p>
         <p class="stage">Enter PUCK.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Through the forest have I gone,</p>
         <p>But Athenian found I none,</p>
         <p>On whose eyes I might approve</p>
         <p>This flower's force in stirring love.</p>
         <p>Night and silence. — Who is here?</p>
         <p>Weeds of Athens he doth wear:</p>
         <p>This is he, my master said,</p>
         <p>Despised the Athenian maid;</p>
         <p>And here the maiden, sleeping sound,</p>
         <p>On the dank and dirty ground.</p>
         <p>Pretty soul! she durst not lie</p>
         <p>Near this lack-love, this kill-courtesy.</p>
         <p>Churl, upon thy eyes I throw</p>
         <p>All the power this charm doth owe.</p>
         <p>When thou wakest, let love forbid</p>
         <p>Sleep his seat on thy eyelid:</p>
         <p>So awake when I am gone;</p>
         <p>For I must now to Oberon.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter DEMETRIUS and HELENA, running.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>I charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>O, wilt thou darkling leave me? do not so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Stay, on thy peril: I alone will go.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>O, I am out of breath in this fond chase!</p>
         <p>The more my prayer, the lesser is my grace.</p>
         <p>Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies;</p>
         <p>For she hath blessed and attractive eyes.</p>
         <p>How came her eyes so bright? Not with salt tears:</p>
         <p>If so, my eyes are oftener washed than hers.</p>
         <p>No, no, I am as ugly as a bear;</p>
         <p>For beasts that meet me run away for fear:</p>
         <p>Therefore no marvel though Demetrius</p>
         <p>Do, as a monster, fly my presence thus.</p>
         <p>What wicked and dissembling glass of mine</p>
         <p>Made me compare with Hermia's sphery eyne?</p>
         <p>But who is here? Lysander! on the ground!</p>
         <p>Dead? or asleep? I see no blood, no wound.</p>
         <p>Lysander, if you live, good sir, awake.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>And run through fire I will for thy sweet sake.</p>
         <p>Transparent Helena! Nature shows art,</p>
         <p>That through thy bosom makes me see thy heart.</p>
         <p>Where is Demetrius? O, how fit a word</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="13">Is that vile name to perish on my sword!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Do not say so, Lysander; say not so</p>
         <p>What though he love your Hermia? Lord, what though?</p>
         <p>Yet Hermia still loves you: then be content.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Content with Hermia! No; I do repent</p>
         <p>The tedious minutes I with her have spent.</p>
         <p>Not Hermia but Helena I love:</p>
         <p>Who will not change a raven for a dove?</p>
         <p>The will of man is by his reason swayed;</p>
         <p>And reason says you are the worthier maid.</p>
         <p>Things growing are not ripe until their season:</p>
         <p>So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason;</p>
         <p>And touching now the point of human skill,</p>
         <p>Reason becomes the marshal to my will</p>
         <p>And leads me to your eyes, where I o'erlook</p>
         <p>Love's stories written in love's richest book.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Wherefore was I to this keen mockery born?</p>
         <p>When at your hands did I deserve this scorn?</p>
         <p>Is't not enough, is't not enough, young man,</p>
         <p>That I did never, no, nor never can,</p>
         <p>Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius' eye,</p>
         <p>But you must flout my insufficiency?</p>
         <p>Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do,</p>
         <p>In such disdainful manner me to woo.</p>
         <p>But fare you well: perforce I must confess</p>
         <p>I thought you lord of more true gentleness.</p>
         <p>O, that a lady, of one man refused,</p>
         <p>Should of another therefore be abused!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>She sees not Hermia. Hermia, sleep thou there:</p>
         <p>And never mayst thou come Lysander near!</p>
         <p>For as a surfeit of the sweetest things</p>
         <p>The deepest loathing to the stomach brings,</p>
         <p>Or as the heresies that men do leave</p>
         <p>Are hated most of those they did deceive,</p>
         <p>So thou, my surfeit and my heresy,</p>
         <p>Of all be hated, but the most of me!</p>
         <p>And, all my powers, address your love and might</p>
         <p>To honour Helen and to be her knight!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Help me, Lysander, help me! do thy best</p>
         <p>To pluck this crawling serpent from my breast!</p>
         <p>Ay me, for pity! what a dream was here!</p>
         <p>Lysander, look how I do quake with fear:</p>
         <p>Methought a serpent eat my heart away,</p>
         <p>And you sat smiling at his cruel prey.</p>
         <p>Lysander! what, removed? Lysander! lord!</p>
         <p>What, out of hearing? gone? no sound, no word?</p>
         <p>Alack, where are you? speak, an if you hear;</p>
         <p>Speak, of all loves! I swoon almost with fear.</p>
         <p>No? then I well perceive you are not nigh:</p>
         <p>Either death or you I'll find immediately.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">The wood. Titania lying asleep.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter QUINCE, SNUG, BOTTOM, FLUTE, SNOUT and STARVELING.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Are we all met?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Pat, pat; and here's a marvellous convenient</p>
         <p>place for our rehearsal. This green plot shall</p>
         <p>be our stage, this hawthorn brake our tiring-house;</p>
         <p>and we will do it in action as we will do it before</p>
         <p>the duke.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Peter Quince, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>What sayest thou, bully Bottom?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and</p>
         <p>Thisby that will never please. First, Pyramus</p>
         <p>must draw a sword to kill himself; which the ladies</p>
         <p>cannot abide. How answer you that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snout</h3>
         <p>By'r lakin, a parlous fear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Starveling</h3>
         <p>I believe we must leave the killing out, when all is</p>
         <p>done.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Not a whit; I have a device to make all well.</p>
         <p>Write me a prologue; and let the prologue seem</p>
         <p>to say, we will do no harm with our swords and</p>
         <p>that Pyramus is not killed indeed; and, for the</p>
         <p>more better assurance, tell them that I, Pyramus,</p>
         <p>am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver: this will put</p>
         <p>them out of fear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Well, we will have such a prologue; and it shall be</p>
         <p>written in eight and six.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>No, make it two more; let it be written in eight and</p>
         <p>eight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snout</h3>
         <p>Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Starveling</h3>
         <p>I fear it, I promise you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Masters, you ought to consider with yourselves:</p>
         <p>to bring in — God shield us! — a lion among ladies</p>
         <p>is a most dreadful thing; for there is not a more</p>
         <p>fearful wild-fowl than your lion living; and we ought</p>
         <p>to look to't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snout</h3>
         <p>Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Nay, you must name his name, and half his face</p>
         <p>must be seen through the lion's neck: and he</p>
         <p>himself must speak through, saying thus, or to</p>
         <p>the same defect, — “ Ladies,” — or “ Fair ladies, — I</p>
         <p>would wish you,” — or “ I would request you,” — or “ I</p>
         <p>would entreat you, — not to fear, not to tremble:</p>
         <p>my life for yours. If you think I come hither as</p>
         <p>a lion, it were pity of my life; no, I am no such</p>
         <p>thing; I am a man as other men are;” and there</p>
         <p>indeed let him name his name, and tell them plainly he</p>
         <p>is Snug the joiner.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Well, it shall be so. But there is two hard</p>
         <p>things: that is, to bring the moonlight into a</p>
         <p>chamber; for, you know, Pyramus and Thisby meet by</p>
         <p>moonlight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snout</h3>
         <p>Doth the moon shine that night we play our play?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>A calendar, a calendar! look in the almanac; find out</p>
         <p>moonshine, find out moonshine.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Yes, it doth shine that night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Why, then may you leave a casement of the great</p>
         <p>chamber window, where we play, open, and the moon may</p>
         <p>shine in at the casement.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Ay; or else one must come in with a bush of thorns</p>
         <p>and a lanthorn, and say he comes to disfigure,</p>
         <p>or to present, the person of Moonshine. Then,</p>
         <p>there is another thing: we must have a wall in</p>
         <p>the great chamber; for Pyramus and Thisby, says the</p>
         <p>story, did talk through the chink of a wall.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snout</h3>
         <p>You can never bring in a wall. What say you, Bottom?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Some man or other must present Wall: and let him</p>
         <p>have some plaster, or some loam, or some rough-cast</p>
         <p>about him, to signify wall; or let him hold his</p>
         <p>fingers thus, and through that cranny shall Pyramus</p>
         <p>and Thisby whisper.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>If that may be, then all is well. Come, sit down,</p>
         <p>every mother's son, and rehearse your parts.</p>
         <p>Pyramus, you begin; when you have spoken your</p>
         <p>speech, enter into that brake: and so every one</p>
         <p>according to his cue.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>What hempen home-spuns have we swaggering here,</p>
         <p>So near the cradle of the fairy queen?</p>
         <p>What, a play toward! I'll be an auditor;</p>
         <p>An actor too, perhaps, if I see cause.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Speak, Pyramus. Thisby, stand forth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Thisby, the flowers of odious savours sweet, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Odorous, odorous.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>— odors savours sweet:</p>
         <p>So hath thy breath, my dearest Thisby dear.</p>
         <p>But hark, a voice! stay thou but here awhile,</p>
         <p>And by and by I will to thee appear.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>A stranger Pyramus than e'er played here.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>Must I speak now?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Ay, marry, must you; for you must understand he</p>
         <p>goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to come</p>
         <p>again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>Most radiant Pyramus, most lily-white of hue,</p>
         <p>Of colour like the red rose on triumphant brier,</p>
         <p>Most brisky juvenal and eke most lovely Jew,</p>
         <p>As true as truest horse that yet would never tire.</p>
         <p>I'll meet thee, Pyramus, at Ninny's tomb.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>“ Ninus' tomb,” man: why, you must not speak that</p>
         <p>yet; that you answer to Pyramus: you speak all</p>
         <p>your part at once, cues and all. Pyramus enter: your</p>
         <p>cue is past; it is, “ never tire.”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>O, — As true as truest horse; that yet would never tire.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter PUCK, and BOTTOM with an ass's head.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>If I were fair, Thisby, I were only thine.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="14">O monstrous! O strange! we are haunted. Pray, masters!</p>
         <p>fly, masters! Help!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>I'll follow you, I'll lead you about a round,</p>
         <p>Through bog, through bush, through brake, through brier:</p>
         <p>Sometime a horse I'll be, sometime a hound,</p>
         <p>A hog, a headless bear, sometime a fire;</p>
         <p>And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn,</p>
         <p>Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Why do they run away? this is a knavery of them to</p>
         <p>make me afeard.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snout</h3>
         <p>O Bottom, thou art changed! what do I see on thee?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>What do you see? you see an ass-head of your own, do</p>
         <p>you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Bless thee, Bottom! bless thee! thou art translated.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="15">no one to recieve this insult I see their knavery: this is to make an ass of</p>
         <p>me; to fright me, if they could. But I will not</p>
         <p>stir from this place, do what they can: I will</p>
         <p>walk up and down here, and I will sing, that they</p>
         <p>shall hear I am not afraid.</p>
         <p>The ousel cock so black of hue,</p>
         <p>With orange-tawny bill,</p>
         <p>The throstle with his note so true,</p>
         <p>The wren with little quill, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>What angel wakes me from my flowery bed?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>The finch, the sparrow and the lark,</p>
         <p>The plainsong cuckoo grey,</p>
         <p>Whose note full many a man doth mark,</p>
         <p>And dares not answer nay; —</p>
         <p>for, indeed, who would set his wit to so foolish</p>
         <p>a bird? who would give a bird the lie, though he cry</p>
         <p>“ cuckoo ” never so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>I pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again:</p>
         <p>Mine ear is much enamoured of thy note;</p>
         <p>So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape;</p>
         <p>And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me</p>
         <p>On the first view to say, to swear, I love thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Methinks, mistress, you should have little reason</p>
         <p>for that: and yet, to say the truth, reason and</p>
         <p>love keep little company together now-a-days;</p>
         <p>the more the pity that some honest neighbours</p>
         <p>will not make them friends. Nay, I can gleek upon</p>
         <p>occasion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Not so, neither: but if I had wit enough to get</p>
         <p>out of this wood, I have enough to serve mine own</p>
         <p>turn.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Out of this wood do not desire to go:</p>
         <p>Thou shalt remain here, whether thou wilt or no.</p>
         <p>I am a spirit of no common rate;</p>
         <p>The summer still doth tend upon my state;</p>
         <p>And I do love thee: therefore, go with me;</p>
         <p>I'll give thee fairies to attend on thee,</p>
         <p>And they shall fetch thee jewels from the deep.</p>
         <p>And sing while thou on pressed flowers dost sleep;</p>
         <p>And I will purge thy mortal grossness so</p>
         <p>That thou shalt like an airy spirit go.</p>
         <p>Peaseblossom! Cobweb! Moth! and Mustardseed!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter PEASEBLOSSOM, COBWEB, MOTH, and MUSTARDSEED.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Peaseblossom</h3>
         <p>Ready.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cobweb</h3>
         <p>And I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Moth</h3>
         <p>And I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Mustardseed</h3>
         <p>And I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All</h3>
         <p>Where shall we go?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Be kind and courteous to this gentleman;</p>
         <p>Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes;</p>
         <p>Feed him with apricocks and dewberries,</p>
         <p>With purple grapes, green figs and mulberries;</p>
         <p>The honey-bags steal from the humble-bees,</p>
         <p>And for night-tapers crop their waxen thighs</p>
         <p>And light them at the fiery glow-worm's eyes,</p>
         <p>To have my love to bed and to arise;</p>
         <p>And pluck the wings from painted butterflies</p>
         <p>To fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes:</p>
         <p>Nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Peaseblossom</h3>
         <p>Hail, mortal!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cobweb</h3>
         <p>Hail!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Moth</h3>
         <p>Hail!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Mustardseed</h3>
         <p>Hail!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>I cry your worships mercy, heartily: I beseech your</p>
         <p>worship's name.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cobweb</h3>
         <p>Cobweb.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>I shall desire you of more acquaintance, good</p>
         <p>Master Cobweb: if I cut my finger, I shall make bold</p>
         <p>with you. Your name, honest gentleman?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Peaseblossom</h3>
         <p>Peaseblossom.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>I pray you, commend me to Mistress Squash, your</p>
         <p>mother, and to Master Peascod, your father. Good</p>
         <p>Master Peaseblossom, I shall desire you of more</p>
         <p>acquaintance too. Your name, I beseech you, sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Mustardseed</h3>
         <p>Mustardseed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Good Master Mustardseed, I know your patience</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="16">well: that same cowardly, giant-like ox-beef hath</p>
         <p>devoured many a gentleman of your house: I promise</p>
         <p>you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now.</p>
         <p>I desire you of more acquaintance, good Master</p>
         <p>Mustardseed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Come, wait upon him; lead him to my bower.</p>
         <p>The moon methinks looks with a watery eye;</p>
         <p>And when she weeps, weeps every little flower,</p>
         <p>Lamenting some enforced chastity.</p>
         <p>Tie up my lover's tongue, bring him silently.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another part of the wood.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OBERON.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>I wonder if Titania be awaked;</p>
         <p>Then, what it was that next came in her eye,</p>
         <p>Which she must dote on in extremity.</p>
         <p>Here comes my messenger. How now, mad spirit!</p>
         <p>What night-rule now about this haunted grove?</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter PUCK.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="17">My mistress with a monster is in love.</p>
         <p>Near to her close and consecrated bower,</p>
         <p>While she was in her dull and sleeping hour,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="18">directed at a group A crew of patches, rude mechanicals,</p>
         <p>That work for bread upon Athenian stalls,</p>
         <p>Were met together to rehearse a play</p>
         <p>Intended for great Theseus' nuptial day.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="19">at a group The shallowest thick-skin of that barren sort,</p>
         <p>Who Pyramus presented, in their sport</p>
         <p>Forsook his scene and entered in a brake</p>
         <p>When I did him at this advantage take,</p>
         <p>An ass's nole I fixed on his head:</p>
         <p>Anon his Thisbe must be answered,</p>
         <p>And forth my mimic comes. When they him spy,</p>
         <p>As wild geese that the creeping fowler eye,</p>
         <p>Or russet-pated choughs, many in sort,</p>
         <p>Rising and cawing at the gun's report,</p>
         <p>Sever themselves and madly sweep the sky,</p>
         <p>So, at his sight, away his fellows fly;</p>
         <p>And, at our stamp, here o'er and o'er one falls;</p>
         <p>He murder cries and help from Athens calls.</p>
         <p>Their sense thus weak, lost with their fears thus strong,</p>
         <p>Made senseless things begin to do them wrong;</p>
         <p>For briers and thorns at their apparel snatch;</p>
         <p>Some sleeves, some hats, from yielders all things catch.</p>
         <p>I led them on in this distracted fear,</p>
         <p>And left sweet Pyramus translated there:</p>
         <p>When in that moment, so it came to pass,</p>
         <p>Titania waked and straightway loved an ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>This falls out better than I could devise.</p>
         <p>But hast thou yet latched the Athenian's eyes</p>
         <p>With the love-juice, as I did bid thee do?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>I took him sleeping, — that is finished too, —</p>
         <p>And the Athenian woman by his side:</p>
         <p>That, when he waked, of force she must be eyed.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter HERMIA and DEMETRIUS. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Stand close: this is the same Athenian.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>This is the woman, but not this the man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>O, why rebuke you him that loves you so?</p>
         <p>Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Now I but chide; but I should use thee worse,</p>
         <p>For thou, I fear, hast given me cause to curse,</p>
         <p>If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep,</p>
         <p>Being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep,</p>
         <p>And kill me too.</p>
         <p>The sun was not so true unto the day</p>
         <p>As he to me: would he have stolen away</p>
         <p>From sleeping Hermia? I'll believe as soon</p>
         <p>This whole earth may be bored and that the moon</p>
         <p>May through the centre creep and so displease</p>
         <p>Her brother's noontide with the Antipodes.</p>
         <p>It cannot be but thou hast murdered him;</p>
         <p>So should a murderer look, so dead, so grim.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>So should the murdered look, and so should I,</p>
         <p>Pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty:</p>
         <p>Yet you, the murderer, look as bright, as clear,</p>
         <p>As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>What's this to my Lysander? where is he</p>
         <p>Ah, good Demetrius, wilt thou give him me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>I had rather give his carcass to my hounds.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="20">Out, dog! out, cur! thou drivest me past the bounds</p>
         <p>Of maiden's patience. Hast thou slain him, then?</p>
         <p>Henceforth be never numbered among men!</p>
         <p>O, once tell true, tell true, even for my sake!</p>
         <p>Durst thou have looked upon him being awake,</p>
         <p>And hast thou killed him sleeping? O brave touch!</p>
         <p>Could not a worm, an adder, do so much?</p>
         <p>An adder did it; for with doubler tongue</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="21">Than thine, thou serpent, never adder stung.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>You spend your passion on a misprised mood:</p>
         <p>I am not guilty of Lysander's blood;</p>
         <p>Nor is he dead, for aught that I can tell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I pray thee, tell me then that he is well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>An if I could, what should I get therefore?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>A privilege never to see me more.</p>
         <p>And from thy hated presence part I so:</p>
         <p>See me no more, whether he be dead or no.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>There is no following her in this fierce vein:</p>
         <p>Here therefore for a while I will remain.</p>
         <p>So sorrow's heaviness doth heavier grow</p>
         <p>For debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe:</p>
         <p>Which now in some slight measure it will pay,</p>
         <p>If for his tender here I make some stay.</p>
         <p class="stage">Lies down and sleeps.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>What hast thou done? thou hast mistaken quite</p>
         <p>And laid the love-juice on some true-love's sight:</p>
         <p>Of thy misprision must perforce ensue</p>
         <p>Some true love turned and not a false turned true.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Then fate o'errules, that, one man holding troth,</p>
         <p>A million fail, confounding oath on oath.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>About the wood go swifter than the wind,</p>
         <p>And Helena of Athens look thou find:</p>
         <p>All fancy-sick she is and pale of cheer,</p>
         <p>With sighs of love, that costs the fresh blood dear:</p>
         <p>By some illusion see thou bring her here:</p>
         <p>I'll charm his eyes against she do appear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>I go, I go; look how I go,</p>
         <p>Swifter than arrow from the Tartar's bow.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Flower of this purple dye,</p>
         <p>Hit with Cupid's archery,</p>
         <p>Sink in apple of his eye.</p>
         <p>When his love he doth espy,</p>
         <p>Let her shine as gloriously</p>
         <p>As the Venus of the sky.</p>
         <p>When thou wakest, if she be by,</p>
         <p>Beg of her for remedy.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter PUCK.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Captain of our fairy band,</p>
         <p>Helena is here at hand;</p>
         <p>And the youth, mistook by me,</p>
         <p>Pleading for a lover's fee.</p>
         <p>Shall we their fond pageant see?</p>
         <p>Lord, what fools these mortals be!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Stand aside; the noise they make</p>
         <p>Will cause Demetrius to awake.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Then will two at once woo one;</p>
         <p>That must needs be sport alone;</p>
         <p>And those things do best please me</p>
         <p>That befall preposterously.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter Lysander and Helena.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Why should you think that I should woo in scorn?</p>
         <p>Scorn and derision never come in tears:</p>
         <p>Look, when I vow, I weep; and vows so born,</p>
         <p>In their nativity all truth appears.</p>
         <p>How can these things in me seem scorn to you,</p>
         <p>Bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>You do advance your cunning more and more.</p>
         <p>When truth kills truth, O devilish-holy fray!</p>
         <p>These vows are Hermia's: will you give her o'er?</p>
         <p>Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh:</p>
         <p>Your vows to her and me, put in two scales,</p>
         <p>Will even weigh, and both as light as tales.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>I had no judgement when to her I swore.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Nor none, in my mind, now you give her o'er.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>O Helen, goddess, nymph, perfect, divine!</p>
         <p>To what, my love, shall I compare thine eyne?</p>
         <p>Crystal is muddy. O, how ripe in show</p>
         <p>Thy lips, those kissing cherries, tempting grow!</p>
         <p>That pure congealed white, high Taurus snow,</p>
         <p>Fanned with the eastern wind, turns to a crow</p>
         <p>When thou hold'st up thy hand: O, let me kiss</p>
         <p>This princess of pure white, this seal of bliss!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>O spite! O hell! I see you all are bent</p>
         <p>To set against me for your merriment:</p>
         <p>If you were civil and knew courtesy,</p>
         <p>You would not do me thus much injury.</p>
         <p>Can you not hate me, as I know you do,</p>
         <p>But you must join in souls to mock me too?</p>
         <p>If you were men, as men you are in show,</p>
         <p>You would not use a gentle lady so;</p>
         <p>To vow and swear and superpraise my parts,</p>
         <p>When I am sure you hate me with your hearts.</p>
         <p>You both are rivals, and love Hermia;</p>
         <p>And now both rivals, to mock Helena:</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="22">at multiple peole, but I think that in this context the tags could be considered applicable
            to both characters so I'm going with it A trim exploit, a manly enterprise,</p>
         <p>To conjure tears up in a poor maid's eyes</p>
         <p>With your derision! none of noble sort</p>
         <p>Would so offend a virgin, and extort</p>
         <p>A poor soul's patience, all to make you sport.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>You are unkind, Demetrius; be not so;</p>
         <p>For you love Hermia; this you know I know:</p>
         <p>And here, with all good will, with all my heart,</p>
         <p>In Hermia's love I yield you up my part;</p>
         <p>And yours of Helena to me bequeath,</p>
         <p>Whom I do love and will do till my death.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="23">same situation as the previous insult Never did mockers waste more idle breath.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Lysander, keep thy Hermia; I will none:</p>
         <p>If e'er I loved her, all that love is gone.</p>
         <p>My heart to her but as guest-wise sojourned,</p>
         <p>And now to Helen is it home returned,</p>
         <p>There to remain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Helen, it is not so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Disparage not the faith thou dost not know,</p>
         <p>Lest, to thy peril, thou aby it dear.</p>
         <p>Look, where thy love comes; yonder is thy dear.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter HERMIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Dark night, that from the eye his function takes,</p>
         <p>The ear more quick of apprehension makes;</p>
         <p>Wherein it doth impair the seeing sense,</p>
         <p>It pays the hearing double recompense.</p>
         <p>Thou art not by mine eye, Lysander, found;</p>
         <p>Mine ear, I thank it, brought me to thy sound</p>
         <p>But why unkindly didst thou leave me so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Why should he stay, whom love doth press to go?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>What love could press Lysander from my side?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Lysander's love, that would not let him bide,</p>
         <p>Fair Helena, who more engilds the night</p>
         <p>Than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light.</p>
         <p>Why seek'st thou me? could not this make thee know,</p>
         <p>The hate I bare thee made me leave thee so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>You speak not as you think; it cannot be.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Lo, she is one of this confederacy!</p>
         <p>Now I perceive they have conjoined all three</p>
         <p>To fashion this false sport, in spite of me.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="24">Injurious Hermia! most ungrateful maid!</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="25">Have you conspired, have you with these is this an insult? contrived</p>
         <p>To bait me with this foul derision?</p>
         <p>Is all the counsel that we two have shared,</p>
         <p>The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent,</p>
         <p>When we have chid the hasty-footed time</p>
         <p>For parting us, — O, is all forgot?</p>
         <p>All school-days' friendship, childhood innocence?</p>
         <p>We, Hermia, like two artificial gods,</p>
         <p>Have with our needles created both one flower,</p>
         <p>Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion,</p>
         <p>Both warbling of one song, both in one key,</p>
         <p>As if our hands, our sides, voices and minds,</p>
         <p>Had been incorporate. So we grew together,</p>
         <p>Like to a double cherry, seeming parted,</p>
         <p>But yet an union in partition;</p>
         <p>Two lovely berries moulded on one stem;</p>
         <p>So, with two seeming bodies, but one heart;</p>
         <p>Two of the first, like coats in heraldry,</p>
         <p>Due but to one and crowned with one crest.</p>
         <p>And will you rent our ancient love asunder,</p>
         <p>To join with men in scorning your poor friend?</p>
         <p>It is not friendly, 'tis not maidenly:</p>
         <p>Our sex, as well as I, may chide you for it,</p>
         <p>Though I alone do feel the injury.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I am amazed at your passionate words.</p>
         <p>I scorn you not: it seems that you scorn me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Have you not set Lysander, as in scorn,</p>
         <p>To follow me and praise my eyes and face?</p>
         <p>And made your other love, Demetrius,</p>
         <p>Who even but now did spurn me with his foot,</p>
         <p>To call me goddess, nymph, divine and rare,</p>
         <p>Precious, celestial? Wherefore speaks he this</p>
         <p>To her he hates? and wherefore doth Lysander</p>
         <p>Deny your love, so rich within his soul,</p>
         <p>And tender me, forsooth, affection,</p>
         <p>But by your setting on, by your consent?</p>
         <p>What though I be not so in grace as you,</p>
         <p>So hung upon with love, so fortunate,</p>
         <p>But miserable most, to love unloved?</p>
         <p>This you should pity rather than despise.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I understand not what you mean by this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="26">Ay, do, Dunno what to call this, it's not really a personal attack i guess? more of
            just being like "You guys are liars" persever, counterfeit sad looks,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="27">not sure if this would be an insult Make mouths upon me when I turn my back;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="28">Wink each at other; hold the sweet jest up:</p>
         <p>This sport, well carried, shall be chronicled.</p>
         <p>If you have any pity, grace, or manners,</p>
         <p>You would not make me such an argument.</p>
         <p>But fare ye well: 'tis partly my own fault;</p>
         <p>Which death or absence soon shall remedy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Stay, gentle Helena; hear my excuse:</p>
         <p>My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>O excellent!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Sweet, do not scorn her so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>If she cannot entreat, I can compel.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Thou canst compel no more than she entreat:</p>
         <p>Thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers.</p>
         <p>Helen, I love thee; by my life, I do:</p>
         <p>I swear by that which I will lose for thee,</p>
         <p>To prove him false that says I love thee not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>I say I love thee more than he can do.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>If thou say so, withdraw, and prove it too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Quick, come!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Lysander, whereto tends all this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Away, you Ethiope!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>No, no; he'll</p>
         <p>Seem to break loose; take on as you would follow,</p>
         <p>But yet come not: you are a tame man, go!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="28">Hang off, thou cat, thou burr! vile thing, let loose,</p>
         <p>Or I will shake thee from me like a serpent!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="29">Why are you grown so rude? what change is this?</p>
         <p>Sweet love, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="30">Thy love! out, tawny Tartar, out!</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="31">Out, loathed medicine! O hated potion, hence!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Do you not jest?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Yes, sooth; and so do you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Demetrius, I will keep my word with thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>I would I had your bond, for I perceive</p>
         <p>A weak bond holds you: I'll not trust your word.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>What, should I hurt her, strike her, kill her dead?</p>
         <p>Although I hate her, I'll not harm her so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>What, can you do me greater harm than hate?</p>
         <p>Hate me! wherefore? O me! what news, my love!</p>
         <p>Am not I Hermia? are not you Lysander?</p>
         <p>I am as fair now as I was erewhile.</p>
         <p>Since night you loved me; yet since night you left me:</p>
         <p>Why, then you left me — O, the gods forbid! —</p>
         <p>In earnest, shall I say?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Ay, by my life;</p>
         <p>And never did desire to see thee more.</p>
         <p>Therefore be out of hope, of question, of doubt;</p>
         <p>Be certain, nothing truer; 'tis no jest</p>
         <p>That I do hate thee and love Helena.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="33">O me! you juggler! you cankerblossom!</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="34">You thief of love! what, have you come by night</p>
         <p>And stolen my love's heart from him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Fine, i' faith!</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="35">Have you no modesty, no maiden shame,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="36">No touch of bashfulness? What, will you tear</p>
         <p>Impatient answers from my gentle tongue?</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="36">Fie, fie! you counterfeit, you puppet, you!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Puppet? why so? ay, that way goes the game.</p>
         <p>Now I perceive that she hath made compare</p>
         <p>Between our statures; she hath urged her height;</p>
         <p>And with her personage, her tall personage,</p>
         <p>Her height, forsooth, she hath prevailed with him.</p>
         <p>And are you grown so high in his esteem;</p>
         <p>Because I am so dwarfish and so low?</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="37">How low am I, thou painted Maypole? speak;</p>
         <p>How low am I? I am not yet so low</p>
         <p>But that my nails can reach unto thine eyes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>I pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen,</p>
         <p>Let her not hurt me: I was never curst;</p>
         <p>I have no gift at all in shrewishness;</p>
         <p>I am a right maid for my cowardice:</p>
         <p>Let her not strike me. You perhaps may think,</p>
         <p>Because she is something lower than myself,</p>
         <p>That I can match her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Lower! hark, again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me.</p>
         <p>I evermore did love you, Hermia,</p>
         <p>Did ever keep your counsels, never wronged you;</p>
         <p>Save that, in love unto Demetrius,</p>
         <p>I told him of your stealth unto this wood.</p>
         <p>He followed you; for love I followed him;</p>
         <p>But he hath chid me hence and threatened me</p>
         <p>To strike me, spurn me, nay, to kill me too:</p>
         <p>And now, so you will let me quiet go,</p>
         <p>To Athens will I bear my folly back</p>
         <p>And follow you no further: let me go:</p>
         <p>You see how simple and how fond I am.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Why, get you gone: who is't that hinders you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>A foolish heart, that I leave here behind.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>What, with Lysander?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>With Demetrius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Be not afraid; she shall not harm thee, Helena.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>No, sir, she shall not, though you take her part.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="38">O, when she is angry, she is keen and shrewd!</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="39">She was a vixen when she went to school;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="39">And though she be but little, she is fierce.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>“ Little ” again! nothing but “ low ” and “ little ”!</p>
         <p>Why will you suffer her to flout me thus?</p>
         <p>Let me come to her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="40">Get you gone, you dwarf;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="41">You minimus, of hindering knot-grass made;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="42">You bead, you acorn.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>You are too officious</p>
         <p>In her behalf that scorns your services.</p>
         <p>Let her alone: speak not of Helena;</p>
         <p>Take not her part; for, if thou dost intend</p>
         <p>Never so little show of love to her,</p>
         <p>Thou shalt aby it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Now she holds me not;</p>
         <p>Now follow, if thou darest, to try whose right,</p>
         <p>Of thine or mine, is most in Helena.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Follow! nay, I'll go with thee, cheek by jowl.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Lysander and Demetrius.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>You, mistress, all this coil is 'long of you:</p>
         <p>Nay, go not back.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>I will not trust you, I,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="42">Nor longer stay in your curst company.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="43">Not sure about this one honestly. "You're quick to fight and short" basically Your
            hands than mine are quicker for a fray,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="44">My legs are longer though, to run away.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>I am amazed, and know not what to say.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>This is thy negligence: still thou mistak'st,</p>
         <p>Or else commit'st thy knaveries wilfully.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Believe me, king of shadows, I mistook.</p>
         <p>Did not you tell me I should know the man</p>
         <p>By the Athenian garment he had on?</p>
         <p>And so far blameless proves my enterprise,</p>
         <p>That I have 'nointed an Athenian's eyes;</p>
         <p>And so far am I glad it so did sort</p>
         <p>As this their jangling I esteem a sport.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight:</p>
         <p>Hie therefore, Robin, overcast the night;</p>
         <p>The starry welkin cover thou anon</p>
         <p>With drooping fog as black as Acheron,</p>
         <p>And lead these testy rivals so astray</p>
         <p>As one come not within another's way.</p>
         <p>Like to Lysander sometime frame thy tongue,</p>
         <p>Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong;</p>
         <p>And sometime rail thou like Demetrius;</p>
         <p>And from each other look thou lead them thus,</p>
         <p>Till o'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleep</p>
         <p>With leaden legs and batty wings doth creep.</p>
         <p>Then crush this herb into Lysander's eye;</p>
         <p>Whose liquor hath this virtuous property,</p>
         <p>To take from thence all error with his might,</p>
         <p>And make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight.</p>
         <p>When they next wake, all this derision</p>
         <p>Shall seem a dream and fruitless vision,</p>
         <p>And back to Athens shall the lovers wend,</p>
         <p>With league whose date till death shall never end.</p>
         <p>Whiles I in this affair do thee employ,</p>
         <p>I'll to my queen and beg her Indian boy;</p>
         <p>And then I will her charmed eye release</p>
         <p>From monster's view, and all things shall be peace.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>My fairy lord, this must be done with haste,</p>
         <p>For night's swift dragons cut the clouds full fast,</p>
         <p>And yonder shines Aurora's harbinger:</p>
         <p>At whose approach, ghosts, wandering here and there,</p>
         <p>Troop home to churchyards: damned spirits all,</p>
         <p>That in crossways and floods have burial,</p>
         <p>Already to their wormy beds are gone;</p>
         <p>For fear lest day should look their shames upon,</p>
         <p>They wilfully themselves exile from light</p>
         <p>And must for aye consort with black-browed night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>But we are spirits of another sort:</p>
         <p>I with the morning's love have oft made sport,</p>
         <p>And, like a forester, the groves may tread,</p>
         <p>Even till the eastern gate, all fiery red,</p>
         <p>Opening on Neptune with fair blessed beams,</p>
         <p>Turns into yellow gold his salt green streams.</p>
         <p>But, notwithstanding, haste; make no delay:</p>
         <p>We may effect this business yet ere day.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Up and down, up and down,</p>
         <p>I will lead them up and down:</p>
         <p>I am feared in field and town:</p>
         <p>Goblin, lead them up and down.</p>
         <p>Here comes one.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter LYSANDER.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Where art thou, proud Demetrius? speak thou now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="44">Here, villain; drawn and ready. Where art thou?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>I will be with thee straight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Follow me, then,</p>
         <p>To plainer ground.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Lysander, as following the voice.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter DEMETRIUS.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Lysander! speak again:</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="45">Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled?</p>
         <p>Speak! In some bush? Where dost thou hide thy head?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars,</p>
         <p>Telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="46">And wilt not come? Come, recreant; come, thou child;</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="48">I'll whip thee with a rod; he is defiled</p>
         <p>That draws a sword on thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Yea, art thou there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Follow my voice; we'll try no manhood here.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter LYSANDER.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>He goes before me and still dares me on:</p>
         <p>When I come where he calls, then he is gone.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="49">The villain is much lighter-heeled than I:</p>
         <p>I followed fast, but faster he did fly;</p>
         <p>That fallen am I in dark uneven way,</p>
         <p>And here will rest me. Come, thou gentle day!</p>
         <p>For if but once thou show me thy grey light,</p>
         <p>I'll find Demetrius and revenge this spite.</p>
         <p class="stage">Lies down.</p>
         <p class="stage">Sleeps.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter PUCK and DEMETRIUS. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="50">Ho, ho, ho! Coward, why comest thou not?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Abide me, if thou darest; for well I wot</p>
         <p>Thou runn'st before me, shifting every place,</p>
         <p>And darest not stand, nor look me in the face.</p>
         <p>Where art thou now?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Come hither: I am here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Nay, then, thou mock'st me. Thou shalt buy this dear,</p>
         <p>If ever I thy face by daylight see:</p>
         <p>Now, go thy way. Faintness constraineth me</p>
         <p>To measure out my length on this cold bed.</p>
         <p>By day's approach look to be visited.</p>
         <p class="stage">Lies down and sleeps.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter HELENA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>O weary night, O long and tedious night,</p>
         <p>Abate thy hours! Shine comforts from the east,</p>
         <p>That I may back to Athens by daylight,</p>
         <p>From these that my poor company detest:</p>
         <p>And sleep, that sometimes shuts up sorrow's eye,</p>
         <p>Steal me awhile from mine own company.</p>
         <p class="stage">Lies down and sleeps.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Yet but three? Come one more;</p>
         <p>Two of both kinds makes up four.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="51">Here she comes, curst and sad:</p>
         <p>Cupid is a knavish lad,</p>
         <p>Thus to make poor females mad.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter HERMIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Never so weary, never so in woe,</p>
         <p>Bedabbled with the dew and torn with briers,</p>
         <p>I can no further crawl, no further go;</p>
         <p>My legs can keep no pace with my desires.</p>
         <p>Here will I rest me till the break of day.</p>
         <p>Heavens shield Lysander, if they mean a fray!</p>
         <p class="stage">Lies down and sleeps.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>On the ground</p>
         <p>Sleep sound:</p>
         <p>I'll apply</p>
         <p>To your eye,</p>
         <p>Gentle lover, remedy.</p>
         <p>When thou wakest,</p>
         <p>Thou takest</p>
         <p>True delight</p>
         <p>In the sight</p>
         <p>Of thy former lady's eye:</p>
         <p>And the country proverb known,</p>
         <p>That every man should take his own,</p>
         <p>In your waking shall be shown:</p>
         <p>Jack shall have Jill;</p>
         <p>Nought shall go ill;</p>
         <p>The man shall have his mare again, and all shall be well.</p>
         <p class="stage">Squeezing the juice on Lysander's eyes.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">The same. LYSANDER, DEMETRIUS. HELENA, and HERMIA lying asleep.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter TITANIA and BOTTOM; PEASEBLOSSOM, COBWEB, MOTH, MUSTARDSEED, and other Fairies
         attending;  OBERON behind unseen.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Come, sit thee down upon this flowery bed,</p>
         <p>While I thy amiable cheeks do coy,</p>
         <p>And stick musk-roses in thy sleek, smooth head,</p>
         <p>And kiss thy fair large ears, my gentle joy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Where's Peaseblossom?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Peaseblossom</h3>
         <p>Ready.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Scratch my head, Peaseblossom.</p>
         <p>Where's Mounsieur Cobweb?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cobweb</h3>
         <p>Ready.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Mounsieur Cobweb, good mounsieur, get you your</p>
         <p>weapons in your hand, and kill me a red-hipped</p>
         <p>humble-bee on the top of a thistle; and, good</p>
         <p>mounsieur, bring me the honey-bag. Do not fret</p>
         <p>yourself too much in the action, mounsieur; and,</p>
         <p>good mounsieur, have a care the honey-bag break</p>
         <p>not; I would be loath to have you overflown with</p>
         <p>a honey-bag, signior. Where's Mounsieur Mustardseed?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Mustardseed</h3>
         <p>Ready.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Give me your neaf, Mounsieur Mustardseed. Pray you,</p>
         <p>leave your courtesy, good mounsieur.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Mustardseed</h3>
         <p>What's your will?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Nothing, good mounsieur, but to help Cavalery</p>
         <p>Cobweb to scratch. I must to the barber's,</p>
         <p>monsieur; for methinks I am marvellous hairy</p>
         <p>about the face; and I am such a tender ass, if my hair</p>
         <p>do but tickle me, I must scratch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>I have a reasonable good ear in music. Let's have the</p>
         <p>tongs and the bones.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Or say, sweet love, what thou desirest to eat.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Truly, a peck of provender: I could munch your</p>
         <p>good dry oats. Methinks I have a great desire to</p>
         <p>a bottle of hay: good hay, sweet hay, hath no fellow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>I have a venturous fairy that shall seek</p>
         <p>The squirrel's hoard, and fetch thee new nuts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>I had rather have a handful or two of dried peas.</p>
         <p>But, I pray you, let none of your people stir me: I</p>
         <p>have an exposition of sleep come upon me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Sleep thou, and I will wind thee in my arms.</p>
         <p>Fairies, be gone, and be all ways away.</p>
         <p>So doth the woodbine the sweet honeysuckle</p>
         <p>Gently entwist; the female ivy so</p>
         <p>Enrings the barky fingers of the elm.</p>
         <p>O, how I love thee! how I dote on thee.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt fairies.</p>
         <p class="stage">They sleep.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter PUCK.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Welcome, good Robin. Seest thou this sweet sight?</p>
         <p>Her dotage now I do begin to pity:</p>
         <p>For, meeting her of late behind the wood,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="52">Seeking sweet favours for this hateful fool,</p>
         <p>I did upbraid her and fall out with her;</p>
         <p>For she his hairy temples then had rounded</p>
         <p>With coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers;</p>
         <p>And that same dew, which sometime on the buds</p>
         <p>Was wont to swell like round and orient pearls,</p>
         <p>Stood now within the pretty flowerets' eyes</p>
         <p>Like tears that did their own disgrace bewail.</p>
         <p>When I had at my pleasure taunted her</p>
         <p>And she in mild terms begged my patience,</p>
         <p>I then did ask of her her changeling child;</p>
         <p>Which straight she gave me, and her fairy sent</p>
         <p>To bear him to my bower in fairy land.</p>
         <p>And now I have the boy, I will undo</p>
         <p>This hateful imperfection of her eyes:</p>
         <p>And, gentle Puck, take this transformed scalp</p>
         <p>From off the head of this Athenian swain;</p>
         <p>That, he awaking when the other do,</p>
         <p>May all to Athens back again repair</p>
         <p>And think no more of this night's accidents</p>
         <p>But as the fierce vexation of a dream.</p>
         <p>But first I will release the fairy queen.</p>
         <p>Be as thou wast wont to be;</p>
         <p>See as thou wast wont to see:</p>
         <p>Dian's bud o'er Cupid's flower</p>
         <p>Hath such force and blessed power.</p>
         <p>Now, my Titania; wake you, my sweet queen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>My Oberon! what visions have I seen!</p>
         <p>Methought I was enamoured of an ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>There lies your love.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>How came these things to pass?</p>
         <p>O, how mine eyes do loathe his visage now!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Silence awhile. Robin, take off this head.</p>
         <p>Titania, music call; and strike more dead</p>
         <p>Than common sleep of all these five the sense.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Music, ho! music, such as charmeth sleep!</p>
         <p class="stage">Music, still. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Now, when thou wakest, with thine own fool's eyes peep.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Sound, music! Come, my queen, take hands with me,</p>
         <p>And rock the ground whereon these sleepers be.</p>
         <p>Now thou and I are new in amity,</p>
         <p>And will to-morrow midnight solemnly</p>
         <p>Dance in Duke Theseus' house triumphantly</p>
         <p>And bless it to all fair prosperity:</p>
         <p>There shall the pairs of faithful lovers be</p>
         <p>Wedded, with Theseus, all in jollity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Fairy king, attend, and mark:</p>
         <p>I do hear the morning lark.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Then, my queen, in silence sad,</p>
         <p>Trip we after night's shade:</p>
         <p>We the globe can compass soon,</p>
         <p>Swifter than the wandering moon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>Come, my lord, and in our flight</p>
         <p>Tell me how it came this night</p>
         <p>That I sleeping here was found</p>
         <p>With these mortals on the ground.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
         <p class="stage">Horns winded within.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter THESEUS, HIPPOLYTA, EGEUS, and train.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Go, one of you, find out the forester;</p>
         <p>For now our observation is performed;</p>
         <p>And since we have the vaward of the day,</p>
         <p>My love shall hear the music of my hounds.</p>
         <p>Uncouple in the western valley; let them go:</p>
         <p>Dispatch, I say, and find the forester.</p>
         <p>We will, fair queen, up to the mountain's top,</p>
         <p>And mark the musical confusion</p>
         <p>Of hounds and echo in conjunction.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit an Attendant.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>I was with Hercules and Cadmus once,</p>
         <p>When in a wood of Crete they bayed the bear</p>
         <p>With hounds of Sparta: never did I hear</p>
         <p>Such gallant chiding; for, besides the groves,</p>
         <p>The skies, the fountains, every region near</p>
         <p>Seem all one mutual cry: I never heard</p>
         <p>So musical a discord, such sweet thunder.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>My hounds are bred out of the Spartan kind,</p>
         <p>So flewed, so sanded, and their heads are hung</p>
         <p>With ears that sweep away the morning dew;</p>
         <p>Crook-knee'd, and dew-lapped like Thessalian bulls;</p>
         <p>Slow in pursuit, but matched in mouth like bells,</p>
         <p>Each under each. A cry more tuneable</p>
         <p>Was never holla'd to, nor cheered with horn,</p>
         <p>In Crete, in Sparta, nor in Thessaly:</p>
         <p>Judge when you hear. But, soft! what nymphs are these?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Egeus</h3>
         <p>My lord, this is my daughter here asleep;</p>
         <p>And this Lysander; this Demetrius is;</p>
         <p>This Helena, old Nedar's Helena:</p>
         <p>I wonder of their being here together.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>No doubt they rose up early to observe</p>
         <p>The rite of May, and, hearing our intent,</p>
         <p>Came here in grace of our solemnity.</p>
         <p>But speak, Egeus; is not this the day</p>
         <p>That Hermia should give answer of her choice?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Egeus</h3>
         <p>It is, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns.</p>
         <p>Good morrow, friends. Saint Valentine is past:</p>
         <p>Begin these wood-birds but to couple now?</p>
         <p class="stage">Horns and shouts within. Lys., Dem., Hel., and Her., wake and start up.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Pardon, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>I pray you all, stand up.</p>
         <p>I know you two are rival enemies:</p>
         <p>How comes this gentle concord in the world,</p>
         <p>That hatred is so far from jealousy,</p>
         <p>To sleep by hate, and fear no enmity?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>My lord, I shall reply amazedly,</p>
         <p>Half sleep, half waking: but as yet, I swear,</p>
         <p>I cannot truly say how I came here;</p>
         <p>But, as I think, — for truly would I speak,</p>
         <p>And now I do bethink me, so it is, —</p>
         <p>I came with Hermia hither: our intent</p>
         <p>Was to be gone from Athens, where we might,</p>
         <p>Without the peril of the Athenian law.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Egeus</h3>
         <p>Enough, enough, my lord; you have enough:</p>
         <p>I beg the law, the law, upon his head.</p>
         <p>They would have stolen away; they would, Demetrius,</p>
         <p>Thereby to have defeated you and me,</p>
         <p>You of your wife and me of my consent,</p>
         <p>Of my consent that she should be your wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>My lord, fair Helen told me of their stealth,</p>
         <p>Of this their purpose hither to this wood;</p>
         <p>And I in fury hither followed them,</p>
         <p>Fair Helena in fancy following me.</p>
         <p>But, my good lord, I wot not by what power, —</p>
         <p>But by some power it is, — my love to Hermia,</p>
         <p>Melted as the snow, seems to me now</p>
         <p>As the remembrance of an idle gaud</p>
         <p>Which in my childhood I did dote upon;</p>
         <p>And all the faith, the virtue of my heart,</p>
         <p>The object and the pleasure of mine eye,</p>
         <p>Is only Helena. To her, my lord,</p>
         <p>Was I betrothed ere I saw Hermia:</p>
         <p>But, like a sickness, did I loathe this food;</p>
         <p>But, as in health, come to my natural taste,</p>
         <p>Now I do wish it, love it, long for it,</p>
         <p>And will for evermore be true to it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Fair lovers, you are fortunately met:</p>
         <p>Of this discourse we more will hear anon.</p>
         <p>Egeus, I will overbear your will;</p>
         <p>For in the temple, by and by, with us</p>
         <p>These couples shall eternally be knit:</p>
         <p>And, for the morning now is something worn,</p>
         <p>Our purposed hunting shall be set aside.</p>
         <p>Away with us to Athens; three and three,</p>
         <p>We'll hold a feast in great solemnity.</p>
         <p>Come, Hippolyta.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt The., Hip., Ege., and train.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>These things seem small and undistinguishable,</p>
         <p>Like far-off mountains turned into clouds.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Methinks I see these things with parted eye,</p>
         <p>When every thing seems double.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>So methinks:</p>
         <p>And I have found Demetrius like a jewel,</p>
         <p>Mine own, and not mine own.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Are you sure</p>
         <p>That we are awake? It seems to me</p>
         <p>That yet we sleep, we dream. Do not you think</p>
         <p>The duke was here, and bid us follow him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hermia</h3>
         <p>Yea; and my father.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Helena</h3>
         <p>And Hippolyta.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>And he did bid us follow to the temple.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Why, then, we are awake; let's follow him;</p>
         <p>And by the way let's recount our dreams.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>When my cue comes, call me, and I will answer:</p>
         <p>my next is, “ Most fair Pyramus.” Heigh-ho! Peter</p>
         <p>Quince! Flute, the bellows-mender! Snout, the</p>
         <p>tinker! Starveling! God's my life, stolen hence,</p>
         <p>and left me asleep! I have had a most rare vision.</p>
         <p>I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say</p>
         <p>what dream it was: man is but an ass, if he go</p>
         <p>about to expound this dream. Methought I was — there</p>
         <p>is no man can tell what. Methought I was, — and</p>
         <p>methought I had, — but man is but a patched fool,</p>
         <p>if he will offer to say what methought I had.</p>
         <p>The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man</p>
         <p>hath not seen, man's hand is not able to taste,</p>
         <p>his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report,</p>
         <p>what my dream was. I will get Peter Quince to</p>
         <p>write a ballad of this dream: it shall be called</p>
         <p>Bottom's Dream, because it hath no bottom; and</p>
         <p>I will sing it in the latter end of a play, before</p>
         <p>the duke: peradventure, to make it the more gracious,</p>
         <p>I shall sing it at her death.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">Athens. QUINCE'S house.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter QUINCE, FLUTE, SNOUT, and STARVELING.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Have you sent to Bottom's house? is he come home yet?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Starveling</h3>
         <p>He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt he is transported.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>If he come not, then the play is marred: it goes not</p>
         <p>forward, doth it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>It is not possible: you have not a man in all Athens</p>
         <p>able to discharge Pyramus but he.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>No, he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man</p>
         <p>in Athens.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Yea, and the best person too; and he is a very</p>
         <p>paramour for a sweet voice.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>You must say “ paragon:” a paramour is, God bless us, a</p>
         <p>thing of naught.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Snug</h3>
         <p>Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and</p>
         <p>there is two or three lords and ladies more</p>
         <p>married: if our sport had gone forward, we had all</p>
         <p>been made men.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Flute</h3>
         <p>O sweet bully Bottom! Thus hath he lost sixpence</p>
         <p>a day during his life; he could not have scaped</p>
         <p>sixpence a day: an the duke had not given him</p>
         <p>sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I'll be</p>
         <p>hanged; he would have deserved it: sixpence a day in</p>
         <p>Pyramus, or nothing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Where are these lads? where are these hearts?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Bottom! O most courageous day! O most happy hour!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Masters, I am to discourse wonders: but ask me</p>
         <p>not what; for if I tell you, I am no true Athenian. I</p>
         <p>will tell you every thing, right as it fell out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Quince</h3>
         <p>Let us hear, sweet Bottom.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>Not a word of me. All that I will tell you is,</p>
         <p>that the duke hath dined. Get your apparel</p>
         <p>together, good strings to your beards, new ribbons</p>
         <p>to your pumps; meet presently at the palace;</p>
         <p>every man look o'er his part; for the short and</p>
         <p>the long is, our play is preferred. In any case,</p>
         <p>let Thisby have clean linen; and let not him that</p>
         <p>plays the lion pare his nails, for they shall</p>
         <p>hang out for the lion's claws. And, most dear</p>
         <p>actors, eat no onions nor garlic, for we are to</p>
         <p>utter sweet breath; and I do not doubt but to</p>
         <p>hear them say, it is a sweet comedy. No more words:</p>
         <p>away! go, away!</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 5, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Athens. The palace of THESEUS.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter THESEUS, HIPPOLYTA, PHILOSTRATE, Lords, and Attendants.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>'Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>More strange than true: I never may believe</p>
         <p>These antique fables, nor these fairy toys.</p>
         <p>Lovers and madmen have such seething brains,</p>
         <p>Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend</p>
         <p>More than cool reason ever comprehends.</p>
         <p>The lunatic, the lover and the poet</p>
         <p>Are of imagination all compact:</p>
         <p>One sees more devils than vast hell can hold,</p>
         <p>That is, the madman: the lover, all as frantic,</p>
         <p>Sees Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt:</p>
         <p>The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling,</p>
         <p>Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven;</p>
         <p>And as imagination bodies forth</p>
         <p>The forms of things unknown, the poet's pen</p>
         <p>Turns them to shapes and gives to airy nothing</p>
         <p>A local habitation and a name.</p>
         <p>Such tricks hath strong imagination,</p>
         <p>That, if it would but apprehend some joy,</p>
         <p>It comprehends some bringer of that joy:</p>
         <p>Or in the night, imagining some fear,</p>
         <p>How easy is a bush supposed a bear!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>But all the story of the night told over,</p>
         <p>And all their minds transfigured so together,</p>
         <p>More witnesseth than fancy's images</p>
         <p>And grows to something of great constancy;</p>
         <p>But, howsoever, strange and admirable.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Here come the lovers, full of joy and mirth.</p>
         <p>Joy, gentle friends! joy and fresh days of love</p>
         <p>Accompany your hearts!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter LYSANDER, DEMETRIUS, HERMIA, and HELENA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>More than to us</p>
         <p>Wait in your royal walks, your board, your bed!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Come now; what masques, what dances shall we have,</p>
         <p>To wear away this long age of three hours</p>
         <p>Between our after-supper and bed-time?</p>
         <p>Where is our usual manager of mirth?</p>
         <p>What revels are in hand? Is there no play,</p>
         <p>To ease the anguish of a torturing hour?</p>
         <p>Call Philostrate.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Philostrate</h3>
         <p>Here, mighty Theseus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Say, what abridgement have you for this evening?</p>
         <p>What masque? what music? How shall we beguile</p>
         <p>The lazy time, if not with some delight?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Philostrate</h3>
         <p>There is a brief how many sports are ripe:</p>
         <p>Make choice of which your highness will see first.</p>
         <p class="stage">Giving a paper. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>“ The battle with the Centaurs, to be sung</p>
         <p>By an Athenian eunuch to the harp.”</p>
         <p>We'll none of that: that have I told my love,</p>
         <p>In glory of my kinsman Hercules. “ The riot of the tipsy Bacchanals,</p>
         <p>Tearing the Thracian singer in their rage.”</p>
         <p>That is an old device; and it was played</p>
         <p>When I from Thebes came last a conqueror. “ The thrice three Muses mourning for the
            death</p>
         <p>Of Learning, late deceased in beggary.”</p>
         <p>That is some satire, keen and critical,</p>
         <p>Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony. “ A tedious brief scene of young Pyramus</p>
         <p>And his love Thisbe; very tragical mirth.”</p>
         <p>Merry and tragical! tedious and brief!</p>
         <p>That is, hot ice and wondrous strange snow.</p>
         <p>How shall we find the concord of this discord?</p>
         <p class="stage">Reads</p>
         <p class="stage">Reads</p>
         <p class="stage">Reads</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Philostrate</h3>
         <p>A play there is, my lord, some ten words long,</p>
         <p>Which is as brief as I have known a play;</p>
         <p>But by ten words, my lord, it is too long,</p>
         <p>Which makes it tedious; for in all the play</p>
         <p>There is not one word apt, one player fitted:</p>
         <p>And tragical, my noble lord, it is;</p>
         <p>For Pyramus therein doth kill himself.</p>
         <p>Which, when I saw rehearsed, I must confess,</p>
         <p>Made mine eyes water; but more merry tears</p>
         <p>The passion of loud laughter never shed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>What are they that do play it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Philostrate</h3>
         <p>Hard-handed men that work in Athens here,</p>
         <p>Which never laboured in their minds till now,</p>
         <p>And now have toiled their unbreathed memories</p>
         <p>With this same play, against your nuptial.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>And we will hear it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Philostrate</h3>
         <p>No, my noble lord;</p>
         <p>It is not for you: I have heard it over,</p>
         <p>And it is nothing, nothing in the world;</p>
         <p>Unless you can find sport in their intents,</p>
         <p>Extremely stretched and conned with cruel pain,</p>
         <p>To do you service.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>I will hear that play;</p>
         <p>For never any thing can be amiss,</p>
         <p>When simpleness and duty tender it.</p>
         <p>Go, bring them in: and take your places, ladies.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Philostrate. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>I love not to see wretchedness o'ercharged</p>
         <p>And duty in his service perishing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>He says they can do nothing in this kind.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>The kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing.</p>
         <p>Our sport shall be to take what they mistake:</p>
         <p>And what poor duty cannot do, noble respect</p>
         <p>Takes it in might, not merit.</p>
         <p>Where I have come, great clerks have purposed</p>
         <p>To greet me with premeditated welcomes;</p>
         <p>Where I have seen them shiver and look pale,</p>
         <p>Make periods in the midst of sentences,</p>
         <p>Throttle their practised accent in their fears</p>
         <p>And in conclusion dumbly have broke off,</p>
         <p>Not paying me a welcome. Trust me, sweet,</p>
         <p>Out of this silence yet I picked a welcome;</p>
         <p>And in the modesty of fearful duty</p>
         <p>I read as much as from the rattling tongue</p>
         <p>Of saucy and audacious eloquence.</p>
         <p>Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity</p>
         <p>In least speak most, to my capacity.</p>
         <p class="stage"> Re-enter PHILOSTRATE.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Philostrate</h3>
         <p>So please your grace, the Prologue is addressed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Let him approach.</p>
         <p class="stage">Flourish of trumpets. </p>
         <p class="stage">Enter QUINCE for the Prologue. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Prologue</h3>
         <p>If we offend, it is with our good will,</p>
         <p>That you should think, we come not to offend,</p>
         <p>But with good will. To show our simple skill,</p>
         <p>That is the true beginning of our end.</p>
         <p>Consider then we come but in despite.</p>
         <p>We do not come as minding to content you,</p>
         <p>Our true intent is. All for your delight</p>
         <p>We are not here. That you should here repent you,</p>
         <p>The actors are at hand and by their show</p>
         <p>You shall know all that you are like to know.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>This fellow doth not stand upon points.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="53">He hath rid his prologue like a rough colt; he</p>
         <p>knows not the stop. A good moral, my lord: it is not</p>
         <p>enough to speak, but to speak true.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="54">Indeed he hath played on this prologue like a</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="55">child on a recorder; a sound, but not in government.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="55">His speech was like a tangled chain; nothing impaired,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="56">but all disordered. Who is next?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Prologue</h3>
         <p>Gentles, perchance you wonder at this show;</p>
         <p>But wonder on, till truth make all things plain.</p>
         <p>This man is Pyramus, if you would know;</p>
         <p>This beauteous lady Thisby is certain.</p>
         <p>This man, with lime and rough-cast, doth present</p>
         <p>Wall, that vile Wall which did these lovers sunder;</p>
         <p>And through Wall's chink, poor souls, they are content</p>
         <p>To whisper. At the which let no man wonder.</p>
         <p>This man, with lanthorn, dog, and bush of thorn,</p>
         <p>Presenteth Moonshine; for, if you will know,</p>
         <p>By moonshine did these lovers think no scorn</p>
         <p>To meet at Ninus' tomb, there, there to woo.</p>
         <p>This grisly beast, which Lion hight by name,</p>
         <p>The trusty Thisby, coming first by night,</p>
         <p>Did scare away, or rather did affright;</p>
         <p>And, as she fled, her mantle she did fall,</p>
         <p>Which Lion vile with bloody mouth did stain.</p>
         <p>Anon comes Pyramus, sweet youth and tall,</p>
         <p>And finds his trusty Thisby's mantle slain;</p>
         <p>Whereat, with blade, with bloody blameful blade,</p>
         <p>He bravely broached his boiling bloody breast;</p>
         <p>And Thisby, tarrying in mulberry shade,</p>
         <p>His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest,</p>
         <p>Let Lion, Moonshine, Wall, and lovers twain</p>
         <p>At large discourse, while here they do remain,</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Prologue, Pyramus, Thisbe, Lion, and Moonshine.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>I wonder if the lion be to speak.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>No wonder, my lord; one lion may, when many asses do.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Wall</h3>
         <p>In this same interlude it doth befall</p>
         <p>That I, one Snout by name, present a wall:</p>
         <p>And such a wall, as I would have you think,</p>
         <p>That had in it a crannied hole or chink,</p>
         <p>Through which the lovers, Pyramus and Thisby,</p>
         <p>Did whisper often very secretly.</p>
         <p>This loam, this rough-cast and this stone doth show</p>
         <p>That I am that same wall; the truth is so:</p>
         <p>And this the cranny is, right and sinister,</p>
         <p>Through which the fearful lovers are to whisper.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Would you desire lime and hair to speak better?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard</p>
         <p>discourse, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Pyramus draws near the wall: silence!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>O grim-looked night! O night with hue so black!</p>
         <p>O night, which ever art when day is not!</p>
         <p>O night, O night! alack, alack, alack,</p>
         <p>I fear my Thisby's promise is forgot!</p>
         <p>And thou, O wall, O sweet, O lovely wall,</p>
         <p>That stand'st between her father's ground and mine!</p>
         <p>Thou wall, O wall, O sweet and lovely wall,</p>
         <p>Show me thy chink, to blink through with mine eyne!</p>
         <p>Thanks, courteous wall: Jove shield thee well for this!</p>
         <p>But what see I? No Thisby do I see.</p>
         <p>O wicked wall, through whom I see no bliss!</p>
         <p>Curst be thy stones for thus deceiving me!</p>
         <p class="stage">Wall holds up his fingers. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>The wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse</p>
         <p>again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>No. in truth, sir, he should not. “ Deceiving me ”</p>
         <p>is Thisby's cue: she is to enter now, and I am</p>
         <p>to spy her through the wall. You shall see, it will</p>
         <p>fall pat as I told you. Yonder she comes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>O wall, full often hast thou heard my moans,</p>
         <p>For parting my fair Pyramus and me!</p>
         <p>My cherry lips have often kissed thy stones,</p>
         <p>Thy stones with lime and hair knit up in thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>I see a voice: now will I to the chink,</p>
         <p>To spy an I can hear my Thisby's face.</p>
         <p>Thisby!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>My love thou art, my love I think.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>Think what thou wilt, I am thy lover's grace;</p>
         <p>And, like Limander, am I trusty still.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>And I like Helen, till the Fates me kill.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>Not Shafalus to Procrus was so true.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>As Shafalus to Procrus, I to you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>O, kiss me through the hole of this vile wall!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>I kiss the wall's hole, not your lips at all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>Wilt thou at Ninny's tomb meet me straightway?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>'Tide life, 'tide death, I come without delay.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Pyramus and Thisbe. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Wall</h3>
         <p>Thus have I, Wall, my part discharged so;</p>
         <p>And, being done, thus Wall away doth go.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Now is the moon used between the two neighbours.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>No remedy, my lord, when walls are so wilful to hear</p>
         <p>without warning.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>This is the silliest stuff that ever I heard.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>The best in this kind are but shadows; and the worst</p>
         <p>are no worse, if imagination amend them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>It must be your imagination then, and not theirs.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>If we imagine no worse of them than they of</p>
         <p>themselves, they may pass for excellent men. Here come</p>
         <p>two noble beasts in, a man and a lion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lion</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="56">to a group You, ladies, you, whose gentle hearts do fear</p>
         <p>The smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="57">May now perchance both quake and tremble here,</p>
         <p>When lion rough in wildest rage doth roar.</p>
         <p>Then know that I, as Snug the joiner, am</p>
         <p>A lion fell, nor else no lion's dam;</p>
         <p>For, if I should as lion come in strife</p>
         <p>Into this place, 'twere pity on my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>A very gentle beast, and of a good conscience.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>The very best at a beast, my lord, that e'er I saw.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>This lion is a very fox for his valour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>True; and a goose for his discretion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="57">Not so, my lord; for his valour cannot carry his</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="58">discretion; and the fox carries the goose.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="58">His discretion, I am sure, cannot carry his</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="59">valour; for the goose carries not the fox. It is</p>
         <p>well: leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to</p>
         <p>the moon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Moon</h3>
         <p>This lanthorn doth the horned moon present; —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>He should have worn the horns on his head.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>He is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within</p>
         <p>the circumference.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Moon</h3>
         <p>This lanthorn doth the horned moon present;</p>
         <p>Myself the man i' the moon do seem to be.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>This is the greatest error of all the rest: the</p>
         <p>man should be put into the lanthorn. How is it else</p>
         <p>the man i' the moon?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>He dares not come there for the candle; for, you see,</p>
         <p>it is already in snuff.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>I am aweary of this moon: would he would change!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>It appears, by his small light of discretion that</p>
         <p>he is in the wane; but yet, in courtesy, in all</p>
         <p>reason, we must stay the time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Proceed, Moon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Moon</h3>
         <p>All that I have to say, is, to tell you that the</p>
         <p>lanthorn is the moon; I, the man in the moon;</p>
         <p>this thorn-bush, my thorn-bush; and this dog, my dog.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Why, all these should be in the lanthorn; for</p>
         <p>all these are in the moon. But, silence! here comes</p>
         <p>Thisbe.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>This is old Ninny's tomb. Where is my love?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lion</h3>
         <p>O —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Well roared, Lion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Well run, Thisbe.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>Well shone, Moon. Truly, the moon shines with a good</p>
         <p>grace.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Well moused, Lion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>And then came Pyramus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>And so the lion vanished.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>Sweet Moon, I thank thee for thy sunny beams;</p>
         <p>I thank thee, Moon, for shining now so bright;</p>
         <p>For, by thy gracious, golden, glittering gleams,</p>
         <p>I trust to take of true Thisby sight.</p>
         <p>But stay, O spite!</p>
         <p>But mark, poor knight,</p>
         <p>What dreadful dole is here!</p>
         <p>Eyes, do you see?</p>
         <p>How can it be?</p>
         <p>O dainty duck! O dear!</p>
         <p>Thy mantle good,</p>
         <p>What, stained with blood!</p>
         <p>Approach, ye Furies fell!</p>
         <p>O Fates, come, come,</p>
         <p>Cut thread and thrum;</p>
         <p>Quail, crush, conclude, and quell!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>This passion, and the death of a dear friend, would go</p>
         <p>near to make a man look sad.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>Beshrew my heart, but I pity the man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Pyramus</h3>
         <p>O wherefore, Nature, didst thou lions frame?</p>
         <p>Since lion vile hath here deflowered my dear:</p>
         <p>Which is — no, no — which was the fairest dame</p>
         <p>That lived, that loved, that liked, that looked with cheer.</p>
         <p>Come, tears, confound;</p>
         <p>Out, sword, and wound</p>
         <p>The pap of Pyramus;</p>
         <p>Ay, that left pap,</p>
         <p>Where heart doth hop:</p>
         <p>Thus die I, thus, thus, thus.</p>
         <p>Now am I dead,</p>
         <p>Now am I fled;</p>
         <p>My soul is in the sky:</p>
         <p>Tongue, lose thy light;</p>
         <p>Moon, take thy flight:</p>
         <p>Now die, die, die, die, die.</p>
         <p class="stage">Stabs himself. </p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Moonshine. </p>
         <p class="stage">Dies. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>No die, but an ace, for him; for he is but one.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>Less than an ace, man; for he is dead; he is nothing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="59">With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover, and</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="60">yet prove an ass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>How chance Moonshine is gone before Thisbe comes back</p>
         <p>and finds her lover?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>She will find him by starlight. Here she comes; and</p>
         <p>her passion ends the play.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Hippolyta</h3>
         <p>Methinks she should not use a long one for such a</p>
         <p>Pyramus: I hope she will be brief.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>A mote will turn the balance, which Pyramus,</p>
         <p>which Thisbe, is the better; he for a man, God warrant</p>
         <p>us; she for a woman, God bless us.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lysander</h3>
         <p>She hath spied him already with those sweet eyes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>And thus she means, videlicet: —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Thisbe</h3>
         <p>Asleep, my love?</p>
         <p>What, dead, my dove?</p>
         <p>O Pyramus, arise!</p>
         <p>Speak, speak. Quite dumb?</p>
         <p>Dead, dead? A tomb</p>
         <p>Must cover thy sweet eyes.</p>
         <p>These lily lips,</p>
         <p>This cherry nose,</p>
         <p>These yellow cowslip cheeks,</p>
         <p>Are gone, are gone:</p>
         <p>Lovers, make moan:</p>
         <p>His eyes were green as leeks.</p>
         <p>O Sisters Three,</p>
         <p>Come, come to me,</p>
         <p>With hands as pale as milk;</p>
         <p>Lay them in gore,</p>
         <p>Since you have shore</p>
         <p>With shears his thread of silk.</p>
         <p>Tongue, not a word:</p>
         <p>Come, trusty sword;</p>
         <p>Come, blade, my breast imbrue:</p>
         <p>And, farewell, friends;</p>
         <p>Thus Thisby ends:</p>
         <p>Adieu, adieu, adieu.</p>
         <p class="stage">Stabs herself.</p>
         <p class="stage">Dies. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Demetrius</h3>
         <p>Ay, and Wall too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bottom</h3>
         <p>No, I assure you; the wall is down that parted</p>
         <p>their fathers. Will it please you to see the</p>
         <p>epilogue, or to hear a Bergomask dance between two of</p>
         <p>our company?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Theseus</h3>
         <p>No epilogue, I pray you; for your play needs no</p>
         <p>excuse. Never excuse; for when the players are</p>
         <p>all dead, there need none to be blamed. Marry,</p>
         <p>if he that writ it had played Pyramus and hanged</p>
         <p>himself in Thisbe's garter, it would have been</p>
         <p>a fine tragedy: and so it is, truly; and very</p>
         <p>notably discharged. But, come, your Bergomask: let</p>
         <p>your epilogue alone.</p>
         <p>The iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve:</p>
         <p>Lovers, to bed; 'tis almost fairy time.</p>
         <p>I fear we shall outsleep the coming morn</p>
         <p>As much as we this night have overwatched.</p>
         <p>This palpable-gross play hath well beguiled</p>
         <p>The heavy gait of night. Sweet friends, to bed.</p>
         <p>A fortnight hold we this solemnity,</p>
         <p>In nightly revels and new jollity.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt,</p>
         <p class="stage"> Enter PUCK.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>Now the hungry lion roars</p>
         <p>And the wolf behowls the moon;</p>
         <p>Whilst the heavy ploughman snores,</p>
         <p>All with weary task fordone.</p>
         <p>Now the wasted brands do glow,</p>
         <p>Whilst the screech-owl, screeching loud,</p>
         <p>Puts the wretch that lies in woe</p>
         <p>In remembrance of a shroud.</p>
         <p>Now it is the time of night</p>
         <p>That the graves all gaping wide,</p>
         <p>Every one lets forth his sprite,</p>
         <p>In the church-way paths to glide:</p>
         <p>And we fairies, that do run</p>
         <p>By the triple Hecate's team,</p>
         <p>From the presence of the sun,</p>
         <p>Following darkness like a dream,</p>
         <p>Now are frolic: not a mouse</p>
         <p>Shall disturb this hallowed house:</p>
         <p>I am sent with broom before,</p>
         <p>To sweep the dust behind the door.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter OBERON and TITANIA wlith their train.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Through the house give glimmering light,</p>
         <p>By the dead and drowsy fire:</p>
         <p>Every elf and fairy sprite</p>
         <p>Hop as light as bird from brier;</p>
         <p>And this ditty, after me,</p>
         <p>Sing, and dance it trippingly.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Titania</h3>
         <p>First, rehearse your song by rote,</p>
         <p>To each word a warbling note:</p>
         <p>Hand in hand, with fairy grace,</p>
         <p>Will we sing, and bless this place.</p>
         <p class="stage">Song and dance.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Oberon</h3>
         <p>Now, until the break of day,</p>
         <p>Through this house each fairy stray.</p>
         <p>To the best bride-bed will we,</p>
         <p>Which by us shall blessed be;</p>
         <p>And the issue there create</p>
         <p>Ever shall be fortunate.</p>
         <p>So shall all the couples three</p>
         <p>Ever true in loving be;</p>
         <p>And the blots of Nature's hand</p>
         <p>Shall not in their issue stand;</p>
         <p>Never mole, hare-lip, nor scar,</p>
         <p>Nor mark prodigious, such as are</p>
         <p>Despised in nativity,</p>
         <p>Shall upon their children be.</p>
         <p>With this field-dew consecrate,</p>
         <p>Every fairy take his gait;</p>
         <p>And each several chamber bless,</p>
         <p>Through this palace, with sweet peace;</p>
         <p>And the owner of it blest</p>
         <p>Ever shall in safety rest.</p>
         <p>Trip away; make no stay;</p>
         <p>Meet me all by break of day.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Oberon, Titania, and train.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Puck</h3>
         <p>If we shadows have offended,</p>
         <p>Think but this, and all is mended,</p>
         <p>That you have but slumbered here</p>
         <p>While these visions did appear.</p>
         <p>And this weak and idle theme,</p>
         <p>No more yielding but a dream,</p>
         <p>Gentles, do not reprehend:</p>
         <p>If you pardon, we will mend:</p>
         <p>And, as I am an honest Puck,</p>
         <p>If we have unearned luck</p>
         <p>Now to scape the serpent's tongue,</p>
         <p>We will make amends ere long;</p>
         <p>Else the Puck a liar call;</p>
         <p>So, good night unto you all.</p>
         <p>Give me your hands, if we be friends,</p>
         <p>And Robin shall restore amends.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit,</p>
      </div>
   </body>
</html>