<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:sha="http://insults.obdurodon.org">
   <head>
      <title>Othello, the Moor of Venice
 Reading View</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="CSS/index.css"/>
   </head>
   <body class="corp"><!--#include virtual="menu.xhtml"-->
      <div class="pagination"><a href="hamReading.xhtml">Hamlet</a><a class="active" href="othReading.xhtml">Othello</a><a href="mndReading.xhtml">A Midsummer Night's Dream</a><a href="coeReading.xhtml">The Comedy of Errors</a></div>
      <h1 id="mainTitle">Othello, the Moor of Venice</h1>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Venice. A street.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter RODERIGO and IAGO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Tush! never tell me; I take it much unkindly</p>
         <p>That thou, Iago, who hast had my purse</p>
         <p>As if the strings were thine, shouldst know of this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Sblood, but you'll not hear me:</p>
         <p>If ever I did dream of such a matter,</p>
         <p>Abhor me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Thou told'st me thou didst hold him in thy hate.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Despise me, if I do not. Three great ones of the city,</p>
         <p>In personal suit to make me his lieutenant,</p>
         <p>Off-capped to him: and, by the faith of man,</p>
         <p>I know my price, I am worth no worse a place:</p>
         <p>But he, as loving his own pride and purposes,</p>
         <p>Evades them, with a bombast circumstance</p>
         <p>Horribly stuffed with epithets of war;</p>
         <p>And, in conclusion,</p>
         <p>Nonsuits my mediators; for, “ Certes,” says he,</p>
         <p>“ I have already chose my officer.”</p>
         <p>And what was he?</p>
         <p>Forsooth, a great arithmetician,</p>
         <p>One Michael Cassio, a Florentine,</p>
         <p>A fellow almost damned in a fair wife;</p>
         <p>That never set a squadron in the field,</p>
         <p>Nor the division of a battle knows</p>
         <p>More than a spinster; unless the bookish theoric,</p>
         <p>Wherein the toged consuls can propose</p>
         <p>As masterly as he: mere prattle, without practice,</p>
         <p>Is all his soldiership. But he, sir, had the election:</p>
         <p>And I, of whom his eyes had seen the proof</p>
         <p>At Rhodes, at Cyprus and on other grounds</p>
         <p>Christened and heathen, must be be-lee'd and calmed</p>
         <p>By debitor and creditor: this counter-caster,</p>
         <p>He, in good time, must his lieutenant be,</p>
         <p>And I — God bless the mark! — his Moorship's ancient.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>By heaven, I rather would have been his hangman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, there's no remedy; 'tis the curse of service,</p>
         <p>Preferment goes by letter and affection,</p>
         <p>And not by old gradation, where each second</p>
         <p>Stood heir to the first. Now, sir, be judge yourself,</p>
         <p>Whether I in any just term am affined</p>
         <p>To love the Moor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I would not follow him then.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O, sir, content you;</p>
         <p>I follow him to serve my turn upon him:</p>
         <p>We cannot all be masters, nor all masters</p>
         <p>Cannot be truly followed. You shall mark</p>
         <p>Many a duteous and knee-crooking knave,</p>
         <p>That, doting on his own obsequious bondage,</p>
         <p>Wears out his time, much like his master's ass,</p>
         <p>For nought but provender, and when he's old, cashiered:</p>
         <p>Whip me such honest knaves. Others there are</p>
         <p>Who, trimmed in forms and visages of duty,</p>
         <p>Keep yet their hearts attending on themselves,</p>
         <p>And, throwing but shows of service on their lords,</p>
         <p>Do well thrive by them and when they have lined their coats</p>
         <p>Do themselves homage: these fellows have some soul;</p>
         <p>And such a one do I profess myself. For, sir,</p>
         <p>It is as sure as you are Roderigo,</p>
         <p>Were I the Moor, I would not be Iago:</p>
         <p>In following him, I follow but myself;</p>
         <p>Heaven is my judge, not I for love and duty,</p>
         <p>But seeming so, for my peculiar end:</p>
         <p>For when my outward action doth demonstrate</p>
         <p>The native act and figure of my heart</p>
         <p>In compliment extern, 'tis not long after</p>
         <p>But I will wear my heart upon my sleeve</p>
         <p>For daws to peck at: I am not what I am.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>What a full fortune does the thicklips owe,</p>
         <p>If he can carry't thus!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Call up her father,</p>
         <p>Rouse him: make after him, poison his delight,</p>
         <p>Proclaim him in the streets; incense her kinsmen,</p>
         <p>And, though he in a fertile climate dwell,</p>
         <p>Plague him with flies: though that his joy be joy,</p>
         <p>Yet throw such changes of vexation on't,</p>
         <p>As it may lose some colour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Here is her father's house; I'll call aloud.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Do, with like timorous accent and dire yell</p>
         <p>As when, by night and negligence, the fire</p>
         <p>Is spied in populous cities.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>What, ho, Brabantio! Signior Brabantio, ho!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Awake! what, ho, Brabantio! thieves! thieves!</p>
         <p>Look to your house, your daughter and your bags!</p>
         <p>Thieves! thieves!</p>
         <p class="stage">BRABANTIO appears above, at a window.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>What is the reason of this terrible summons?</p>
         <p>What is the matter there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Signior, is all your family within?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Are your doors locked?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Why, wherefore ask you this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Zounds, sir, y' are robbed; for shame, put on your gown;</p>
         <p>Your heart is burst, you have lost half your soul;</p>
         <p>Even now, now, very now, an old black ram</p>
         <p>Is tupping your white ewe. Arise, arise;</p>
         <p>Awake the snorting citizens with the bell,</p>
         <p>Or else the devil will make a grandsire of you:</p>
         <p>Arise, I say.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>What, have you lost your wits?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Most reverend signior, do you know my voice?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Not I: what are you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>My name is Roderigo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>The worser welcome:</p>
         <p>I have charged thee not to haunt about my doors:</p>
         <p>In honest plainness thou hast heard me say</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="0">My daughter is not for thee; and now, I'm not sure what the best way to label this
            relationship is, but i put "friend-friend" for now in madness,</p>
         <p>Being full of supper and distempering draughts,</p>
         <p>Upon malicious bravery, dost thou come</p>
         <p>To start my quiet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Sir, sir, sir, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>But thou must needs be sure</p>
         <p>My spirits and my place have in their power</p>
         <p>To make this bitter to thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Patience, good sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>What tell'st thou me of robbing? this is Venice;</p>
         <p>My house is not a grange.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Most grave Brabantio,</p>
         <p>In simple and pure soul I come to you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Zounds, sir, you are one of those that will not</p>
         <p>serve God, if the devil bid you. Because we come</p>
         <p>to do you service and you think we are ruffians,</p>
         <p>you'll have your daughter covered with a Barbary</p>
         <p>horse; you'll have your nephews neigh to you;</p>
         <p>you'll have coursers for cousins and gennets for</p>
         <p>germans.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="1">What profane wretch art thou?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I am one, sir, that comes to tell you your daughter</p>
         <p>and the Moor are now making the beast with two backs.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="2">Thou art a villain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You are — a senator.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>This thou shalt answer; I know thee, Roderigo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Sir, I will answer any thing. But, I beseech you,</p>
         <p>If't be your pleasure and most wise consent,</p>
         <p>As partly I find it is, that your fair daughter,</p>
         <p>At this odd-even and dull watch o' the night,</p>
         <p>Transported, with no worse nor better guard</p>
         <p>But with a knave of common hire, a gondolier,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="3">To the gross clasps of a lascivious Moor, —</p>
         <p>If this be known to you and your allowance,</p>
         <p>We then have done you bold and saucy wrongs;</p>
         <p>But if you know not this, my manners tell me</p>
         <p>We have your wrong rebuke. Do not believe</p>
         <p>That, from the sense of all civility,</p>
         <p>I thus would play and trifle with your reverence:</p>
         <p>Your daughter, if you have not given her leave,</p>
         <p>I say again, hath made a gross revolt;</p>
         <p>Tying her duty, beauty, wit and fortunes</p>
         <p>In an extravagant and wheeling stranger</p>
         <p>Of here and every where. Straight satisfy yourself:</p>
         <p>If she be in her chamber or your house,</p>
         <p>Let loose on me the justice of the state</p>
         <p>For thus deluding you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Strike on the tinder, ho!</p>
         <p>Give me a taper! call up all my people!</p>
         <p>This accident is not unlike my dream:</p>
         <p>Belief of it oppresses me already.</p>
         <p>Light, I say! light!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit above.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Farewell; for I must leave you:</p>
         <p>It seems not meet, nor wholesome to my place,</p>
         <p>To be produced — as, if I stay, I shall —</p>
         <p>Against the Moor: for, I do know, the state,</p>
         <p>How ever this may gall him with some check,</p>
         <p>Cannot with safety cast him, for he's embarked</p>
         <p>With such loud reason to the Cyprus wars,</p>
         <p>Which even now stands in act, that, for their souls,</p>
         <p>Another of his fathom they have none,</p>
         <p>To lead their business: in which regard,</p>
         <p>Though I do hate him as I do hell-pains,</p>
         <p>Yet, for necessity of present life,</p>
         <p>I must show out a flag and sign of love,</p>
         <p>Which is indeed but sign. That you shall surely find him,</p>
         <p>Lead to the Sagittary the raised search;</p>
         <p>And there will I be with him. So, farewell.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter, below, BRABANTIO, and Servants with torches.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>It is too true an evil: gone she is;</p>
         <p>And what's to come of my despised time</p>
         <p>Is nought but bitterness. Now, Roderigo,</p>
         <p>Where didst thou see her? O unhappy girl!</p>
         <p>With the Moor, say'st thou? Who would be a father!</p>
         <p>How didst thou know 'twas she? O, she deceives me</p>
         <p>Past thought! What said she to you? Get more tapers:</p>
         <p>Raise all my kindred. Are they married, think you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Truly, I think they are.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>O heaven! How got she out? O treason of the blood!</p>
         <p>Fathers, from hence trust not your daughters' minds</p>
         <p>By what you see them act. Is there not charms</p>
         <p>By which the property of youth and maidhood</p>
         <p>May be abused? Have you not read, Roderigo,</p>
         <p>Of some such thing?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Yes, sir, I have indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Call up my brother. O, would you had had her!</p>
         <p>Some one way, some another. Do you know</p>
         <p>Where we may apprehend her and the Moor?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I think I can discover him, if you please</p>
         <p>To get good guard and go along with me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Pray you, lead on. At every house I'll call;</p>
         <p>I may command at most. Get weapons, ho!</p>
         <p>And raise some special officers of night.</p>
         <p>On, good Roderigo: I will deserve your pains.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another street.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO, IAGO, and Attendants with torches.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Though in the trade of war I have slain men,</p>
         <p>Yet do I hold it very stuff o' the conscience</p>
         <p>To do no contrived murder: I lack iniquity</p>
         <p>Sometime to do me service: nine or ten times</p>
         <p>I had thought to have yerked him here under the ribs.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>'Tis better as it is.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Nay, but he prated,</p>
         <p>And spoke such scurvy and provoking terms</p>
         <p>Against your honour</p>
         <p>That, with the little godliness I have,</p>
         <p>I did full hard forbear him. But, I pray you, sir,</p>
         <p>Are you fast married? Be assured of this,</p>
         <p>That the magnifico is much beloved,</p>
         <p>And hath in his effect a voice potential</p>
         <p>As double as the duke's: he will divorce you;</p>
         <p>Or put upon you what restraint or grievance</p>
         <p>The law, with all his might to enforce it on,</p>
         <p>Will give him cable.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Let him do his spite;</p>
         <p>My services which I have done the signiory</p>
         <p>Shall out-tongue his complaints. 'Tis yet to know, —</p>
         <p>Which, when I know that boasting is an honour,</p>
         <p>I shall provulgate — I fetch my life and being</p>
         <p>From men of royal siege, and my demerits</p>
         <p>May speak unbonneted to as proud a fortune</p>
         <p>As this that I have reached: for know, Iago,</p>
         <p>But that I love the gentle Desdemona,</p>
         <p>I would not my unhoused free condition</p>
         <p>Put into circumscription and confine</p>
         <p>For the sea's worth. But, look! what lights come yond?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Those are the raised father and his friends:</p>
         <p>You were best go in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Not I; I must be found:</p>
         <p>My parts, my title and my perfect soul</p>
         <p>Shall manifest me rightly. Is it they?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>By Janus, I think no.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter CASSIO, and certain Officers with torches.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>The servants of the duke, and my lieutenant.</p>
         <p>The goodness of the night upon you, friends!</p>
         <p>What is the news?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>The duke does greet you, general,</p>
         <p>And he requires your haste-posthaste appearance,</p>
         <p>Even on the instant.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What is the matter, think you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Something from Cyprus, as I may divine:</p>
         <p>It is a business of some heat: the galleys</p>
         <p>Have sent a dozen sequent messengers</p>
         <p>This very night at one another's heels,</p>
         <p>And many of the consuls raised and met,</p>
         <p>Are at the duke's already: you have been hotly called for;</p>
         <p>When, being not at your lodging to be found,</p>
         <p>The senate hath sent about three several quests</p>
         <p>To search you out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>'Tis well I am found by you.</p>
         <p>I will but spend a word here in the house,</p>
         <p>And go with you.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Ancient, what makes he here?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Faith, he to-night hath boarded a land carack:</p>
         <p>If it prove lawful prize, he's made for ever.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I do not understand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>He's married.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>To who?</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter OTHELLO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Marry, to — Come, captain, will you go?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Have with you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Here comes another troop to seek for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>It is Brabantio. General, be advised;</p>
         <p>He comes to bad intent.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter BRABANTIO, RODERIGO, and Officers with torches and weapons. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Holla! stand there!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Signior, it is the Moor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="4">Down with him, thief!</p>
         <p class="stage">They draw on both sides.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You, Roderigo! come, sir, I am for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Keep up your bright swords, for the dew will rust them.</p>
         <p>Good signior, you shall more command with years</p>
         <p>Than with your weapons.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="5">O thou foul thief, where hast thou stowed my daughter?</p>
         <p>Damned as thou art, thou hast enchanted her;</p>
         <p>For I'll refer me to all things of sense,</p>
         <p>If she in chains of magic were not bound,</p>
         <p>Whether a maid so tender, fair and happy,</p>
         <p>So opposite to marriage that she shunned</p>
         <p>The wealthy curled darlings of our nation,</p>
         <p>Would ever have, to incur a general mock,</p>
         <p>Run from her guardage to the sooty bosom</p>
         <p>Of such a thing as thou, to fear, not to delight.</p>
         <p>Judge me the world, if 'tis not gross in sense</p>
         <p>That thou hast practised on her with foul charms,</p>
         <p>Abused her delicate youth with drugs or minerals</p>
         <p>That weakens motion: I'll have't disputed on;</p>
         <p>'Tis probable and palpable to thinking.</p>
         <p>I therefore apprehend and do attach thee</p>
         <p>For an abuser of the world, a practiser</p>
         <p>Of arts inhibited and out of warrant.</p>
         <p>Lay hold upon him: if he do resist,</p>
         <p>Subdue him at his peril.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Hold your hands,</p>
         <p>Both you of my inclining, and the rest:</p>
         <p>Were it my cue to fight, I should have known it</p>
         <p>Without a prompter. Whither will you that I go</p>
         <p>To answer this your charge?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>To prison, till fit time</p>
         <p>Of law and course of direct session</p>
         <p>Call thee to answer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What if I do obey?</p>
         <p>How may the duke be therewith satisfied,</p>
         <p>Whose messengers are here about my side,</p>
         <p>Upon some present business of the state</p>
         <p>To bring me to him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Officer</h3>
         <p>'Tis true, most worthy signior;</p>
         <p>The duke's in council, and your noble self,</p>
         <p>I am sure, is sent for.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>How! the duke in council!</p>
         <p>In this time of the night! Bring him away:</p>
         <p>Mine's not an idle cause: the duke himself,</p>
         <p>Or any of my brothers of the state,</p>
         <p>Cannot but feel this wrong as 'twere their own;</p>
         <p>For if such actions may have passage free,</p>
         <p>Bond-slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 1, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">A council-chamber. The DUKE and Senators sitting at a table; Officers attending.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>There's no composition in these news</p>
         <p>That gives them credit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>Indeed, they are disproportioned;</p>
         <p>My letters say a hundred and seven galleys.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>And mine, a hundred forty.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>And mine, two hundred:</p>
         <p>But though they jump not on a just account, —</p>
         <p>As in these cases, where the aim reports,</p>
         <p>'Tis oft with difference — yet do they all confirm</p>
         <p>A Turkish fleet, and bearing up to Cyprus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Nay, it is possible enough to judgement:</p>
         <p>I do not so secure me in the error,</p>
         <p>But the main article I do approve</p>
         <p>In fearful sense.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Sailor</h3>
         <p>What, ho! what, ho! what, ho!</p>
         <p class="stage">Within</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Officer</h3>
         <p>A messenger from the galleys.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter a Sailor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Now, what's the business?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Sailor</h3>
         <p>The Turkish preparation makes for Rhodes;</p>
         <p>So was I bid report here to the state</p>
         <p>By Signior Angelo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>How say you by this change?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>This cannot be,</p>
         <p>By no assay of reason: 'tis a pageant,</p>
         <p>To keep us in false gaze. When we consider</p>
         <p>The importancy of Cyprus to the Turk,</p>
         <p>And let ourselves again but understand,</p>
         <p>That as it more concerns the Turk than Rhodes,</p>
         <p>So may he with more facile question bear it,</p>
         <p>For that it stands not in such warlike brace,</p>
         <p>But altogether lacks the abilities</p>
         <p>That Rhodes is dressed in: if we make thought of this,</p>
         <p>We must not think the Turk is so unskilful</p>
         <p>To leave that latest which concerns him first,</p>
         <p>Neglecting an attempt of ease and gain,</p>
         <p>To wake and wage a danger profitless.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Nay, in all confidence, he's not for Rhodes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Officer</h3>
         <p>Here is more news.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter a Messenger.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Messenger</h3>
         <p>The Ottomites, reverend and gracious,</p>
         <p>Steering with due course towards the isle of Rhodes,</p>
         <p>Have there injointed them with an after fleet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>Ay, so I thought. How many, as you guess?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Messenger</h3>
         <p>Of thirty sail: and now they do restem</p>
         <p>Their backward course, bearing with frank appearance</p>
         <p>Their purposes toward Cyprus. Signior Montano,</p>
         <p>Your trusty and most valiant servitor,</p>
         <p>With his free duty recommends you thus,</p>
         <p>And prays you to believe him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>'Tis certain, then, for Cyprus.</p>
         <p>Marcus Luccicos, is not he in town?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>He's now in Florence.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Write from us to him; post-posthaste dispatch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter BRABANTIO, OTHELLO, IAGO, RODERIGO,  and Officers.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Valiant Othello, we must straight employ you</p>
         <p>Against the general enemy Ottoman.</p>
         <p>I did not see you; welcome, gentle signior;</p>
         <p>We lacked your counsel and your help tonight.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Brabantio</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>So did I yours. Good your grace, pardon me;</p>
         <p>Neither my place nor aught I heard of business</p>
         <p>Hath raised me from my bed, nor doth the general care</p>
         <p>Take hold on me, for my particular grief</p>
         <p>Is of so flood-gate and o'erbearing nature</p>
         <p>That it engluts and swallows other sorrows</p>
         <p>And it is still itself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Why, what's the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>My daughter! O, my daughter!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke and Senators</h3>
         <p>Dead?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Ay, to me;</p>
         <p>She is abused, stol'n from me, and corrupted</p>
         <p>By spells and medicines bought of mountebanks;</p>
         <p>For nature so preposterously to err,</p>
         <p>Being not deficient, blind, or lame of sense,</p>
         <p>Sans witchcraft could not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Who e'er he be that in this foul proceeding</p>
         <p>Hath thus beguiled your daughter of herself</p>
         <p>And you of her, the bloody book of law</p>
         <p>You shall yourself read in the bitter letter</p>
         <p>After your own sense, yea, though our proper son</p>
         <p>Stood in your action.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Humbly I thank your grace.</p>
         <p>Here is the man, this Moor, whom now, it seems,</p>
         <p>Your special mandate for the state affairs</p>
         <p>Hath hither brought.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke and Senators</h3>
         <p>We are very sorry for't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>What, in your own part, can you say to this?</p>
         <p class="stage">To Othello</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Nothing, but this is so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Most potent, grave, and reverend signiors,</p>
         <p>My very noble and approved good masters,</p>
         <p>That I have ta'en away this old man's daughter,</p>
         <p>It is most true; true, I have married her:</p>
         <p>The very head and front of my offending</p>
         <p>Hath this extent, no more. Rude am I in my speech,</p>
         <p>And little blessed with the soft phrase of peace;</p>
         <p>For since these arms of mine had seven years' pith.</p>
         <p>Till now some nine moons wasted, they have used</p>
         <p>Their dearest action in the tented field,</p>
         <p>And little of this great world can I speak,</p>
         <p>More than pertains to feats of broils and battle,</p>
         <p>And therefore little shall I grace my cause</p>
         <p>In speaking for myself. Yet, by your gracious patience,</p>
         <p>I will a round unvarnished tale deliver</p>
         <p>Of my whole course of love; what drugs, what charms,</p>
         <p>What conjuration and what mighty magic,</p>
         <p>For such proceeding I am charged withal,</p>
         <p>I won his daughter.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>A maiden never bold;</p>
         <p>Of spirit so still and quiet, that her motion</p>
         <p>Blushed at herself; and she, in spite of nature,</p>
         <p>Of years, of country, credit, every thing,</p>
         <p>To fall in love with what she feared to look on!</p>
         <p>It is a judgement mained and most imperfect</p>
         <p>That will confess perfection so could err</p>
         <p>Against all rules of nature, and must be driven</p>
         <p>To find out practices of cunning hell,</p>
         <p>Why this should be. I therefore vouch again</p>
         <p>That with some mixtures powerful o'er the blood,</p>
         <p>Or with some dram conjured to this effect,</p>
         <p>He wrought upon her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>To vouch this, is no proof,</p>
         <p>Without more wider and more overt test</p>
         <p>Than these thin habits and poor likelihoods</p>
         <p>Of modern seeming do prefer against him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Senator</h3>
         <p>But, Othello, speak:</p>
         <p>Did you by indirect and forced courses</p>
         <p>Subdue and poison this young maid's affections?</p>
         <p>Or came it by request and such fair question</p>
         <p>As soul to soul affordeth?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I do beseech you,</p>
         <p>Send for the lady to the Sagittary,</p>
         <p>And let her speak of me before her father:</p>
         <p>If you do find me foul in her report,</p>
         <p>The trust, the office I do hold of you,</p>
         <p>Not only take away, but let your sentence</p>
         <p>Even fall upon my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Fetch Desdemona hither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ancient, conduct them; you best know the place.</p>
         <p>And, till she come, as truly as to heaven</p>
         <p>I do confess the vices of my blood,</p>
         <p>So justly to your grave ears I'll present</p>
         <p>How I did thrive in this fair lady's love,</p>
         <p>And she in mine.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Iago and Attendants. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Say it, Othello.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Her father loved me; oft invited me;</p>
         <p>Still questioned me the story of my life,</p>
         <p>From year to year, the battles, sieges, fortunes,</p>
         <p>That I have passed.</p>
         <p>I ran it through, even from my boyish days,</p>
         <p>To the very moment that he bade me tell it;</p>
         <p>Wherein I spoke of most disastrous chances,</p>
         <p>Of moving accidents by flood and field,</p>
         <p>Of hair-breadth scapes i' the imminent deadly breach.</p>
         <p>Of being taken by the insolent foe</p>
         <p>And sold to slavery, of my redemption thence</p>
         <p>And portance in my travels' history:</p>
         <p>Wherein of antres vast and deserts idle,</p>
         <p>Rough quarries, rocks and hills whose heads touch heaven,</p>
         <p>It was my hint to speak — such was my process;</p>
         <p>And of the Cannibals that each other eat,</p>
         <p>The Anthropophagi and men whose heads</p>
         <p>Do grow beneath their shoulders. These things to hear</p>
         <p>Would Desdemona seriously incline:</p>
         <p>But still the house affairs would draw her thence:</p>
         <p>Which ever as she could with haste dispatch,</p>
         <p>She'ld come again, and with a greedy ear</p>
         <p>Devour up my discourse: which I observing,</p>
         <p>Took once a pliant hour, and found good means</p>
         <p>To draw from her a prayer of earnest heart</p>
         <p>That I would all my pilgrimage dilate,</p>
         <p>Whereof by parcels she had something heard,</p>
         <p>But not intentively: I did consent,</p>
         <p>And often did beguile her of her tears,</p>
         <p>When I did speak of some distressful stroke</p>
         <p>That my youth suffered. My story being done,</p>
         <p>She gave me for my pains a world of sighs:</p>
         <p>She swore, in faith, 'twas strange, 'twas passing strange,</p>
         <p>'Twas pitiful, 'twas wondrous pitiful:</p>
         <p>She wished she had not heard it, yet she wished</p>
         <p>That heaven had made her such a man: she thanked me,</p>
         <p>And bade me, if I had a friend that loved her,</p>
         <p>I should but teach him how to tell my story,</p>
         <p>And that would woo her. Upon this hint I spake:</p>
         <p>She loved me for the dangers I had passed,</p>
         <p>And I loved her that she did pity them.</p>
         <p>This only is the witchcraft I have used:</p>
         <p>Here comes the lady; let her witness it.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter DESDEMONA, IAGO, and Attendants.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>I think this tale would win my daughter too.</p>
         <p>Good Brabantio,</p>
         <p>Take up this mangled matter at the best:</p>
         <p>Men do their broken weapons rather use</p>
         <p>Than their bare hands.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>I pray you, hear her speak:</p>
         <p>If she confess that she was half the wooer,</p>
         <p>Destruction on my head, if my bad blame</p>
         <p>Light on the man! Come hither, gentle mistress:</p>
         <p>Do you perceive in all this noble company</p>
         <p>Where most you owe obedience?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My noble father,</p>
         <p>I do perceive here a divided duty:</p>
         <p>To you I am bound for life and education;</p>
         <p>My life and education both do learn me</p>
         <p>How to respect you; you are the lord of duty;</p>
         <p>I am hitherto your daughter: but here's my husband,</p>
         <p>And so much duty as my mother showed</p>
         <p>To you, preferring you before her father,</p>
         <p>So much I challenge that I may profess</p>
         <p>Due to the Moor my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>God be wi' you! I have done.</p>
         <p>Please it your grace, on to the state affairs:</p>
         <p>I had rather to adopt a child than get it.</p>
         <p>Come hither, Moor:</p>
         <p>I here do give thee that with all my heart</p>
         <p>Which, but thou hast already, with all my heart</p>
         <p>I would keep from thee. For your sake, jewel,</p>
         <p>I am glad at soul I have no other child;</p>
         <p>For thy escape would teach me tyranny,</p>
         <p>To hang clogs on them. I have done, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Let me speak like yourself, and lay a sentence,</p>
         <p>Which, as a grise or step, may help these lovers</p>
         <p>Into your favour.</p>
         <p>When remedies are past, the griefs are ended</p>
         <p>By seeing the worst, which late on hopes depended.</p>
         <p>To mourn a mischief that is past and gone</p>
         <p>Is the next way to draw new mischief on.</p>
         <p>What cannot be preserved when fortune takes</p>
         <p>Patience her injury a mockery makes.</p>
         <p>The robbed that smiles steals something from the thief;</p>
         <p>He robs himself that spends a bootless grief.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>So let the Turk of Cyprus us beguile;</p>
         <p>We lose it not, so long as we can smile.</p>
         <p>He bears the sentence well that nothing bears</p>
         <p>But the free comfort which from thence he hears,</p>
         <p>But he bears both the sentence and the sorrow</p>
         <p>That, to pay grief, must of poor patience borrow.</p>
         <p>These sentences, to sugar, or to gall,</p>
         <p>Being strong on both sides, are equivocal:</p>
         <p>But words are words; I never yet did hear</p>
         <p>That the bruised heart was pierced through the ear.</p>
         <p>I humbly beseech you, proceed to the affairs of state.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>The Turk with a most mighty preparation makes</p>
         <p>for Cyprus. Othello, the fortitude of the place</p>
         <p>is best known to you; and though we have there</p>
         <p>a substitute of most allowed sufficiency, yet</p>
         <p>opinion, a sovereign mistress of effects, throws</p>
         <p>a more safer voice on you: you must therefore be</p>
         <p>content to slubber the gloss of your new fortunes with</p>
         <p>this more stubborn and boisterous expedition.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>The tyrant custom, most grave senators,</p>
         <p>Hath made the flinty and steel couch of war</p>
         <p>My thrice-driven bed of down: I do agnize</p>
         <p>A natural and prompt alacrity</p>
         <p>I find in hardness, and do undertake</p>
         <p>This present wars against the Ottomites.</p>
         <p>Most humbly therefore bending to your state,</p>
         <p>I crave fit disposition for my wife,</p>
         <p>Due reference of place and exhibition,</p>
         <p>With such accommodation and besort</p>
         <p>As levels with her breeding.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>If you please,</p>
         <p>Be't at her father's.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>I will not have it so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Nor I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Nor I; I would not there reside,</p>
         <p>To put my father in impatient thoughts</p>
         <p>By being in his eye. Most gracious duke,</p>
         <p>To my unfolding lend your prosperous ear;</p>
         <p>And let me find a charter in your voice,</p>
         <p>To assist my simpleness.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>What would you, Desdemona?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>That I did love the Moor to live with him,</p>
         <p>My downright violence and storm of fortunes</p>
         <p>May trumpet to the world: my heart's subdued</p>
         <p>Even to the very quality of my lord:</p>
         <p>I saw Othello's visage in his mind,</p>
         <p>And to his honours and his valiant parts</p>
         <p>Did I my soul and fortunes consecrate.</p>
         <p>So that, dear lords, if I be left behind,</p>
         <p>A moth of peace, and he go to the war,</p>
         <p>The rites for why I love him are bereft me,</p>
         <p>And I a heavy interim shall support</p>
         <p>By his dear absence. Let me go with him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Let her have your voice.</p>
         <p>Vouch with me, heaven, I therefore beg it not,</p>
         <p>To please the palate of my appetite,</p>
         <p>Nor to comply with heat — the young affects</p>
         <p>In me defunct — and proper satisfaction,</p>
         <p>But to be free and bounteous to her mind:</p>
         <p>And heaven defend your good souls, that you think</p>
         <p>I will your serious and great business scant</p>
         <p>For she is with me: no, when light-winged toys</p>
         <p>Of feathered Cupid seel with wanton dullness</p>
         <p>My speculative and officed instruments,</p>
         <p>That my disports corrupt and taint my business,</p>
         <p>Let huswives make a skillet of my helm,</p>
         <p>And all indign and base adversities</p>
         <p>Make head against my estimation!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Be it as you shall privately determine,</p>
         <p>Either for her stay or going: the affair cries haste,</p>
         <p>And speed must answer it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>You must away to-night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>To-night, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>This night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>With all my heart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>At nine i' the morning here we'll meet again.</p>
         <p>Othello, leave some officer behind,</p>
         <p>And he shall our commission bring to you;</p>
         <p>And such things else of quality and respect</p>
         <p>As doth import you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>So please your grace, my ancient;</p>
         <p>A man he is of honesty and trust:</p>
         <p>To his conveyance I assign my wife,</p>
         <p>With what else needful your good grace shall think</p>
         <p>To be sent after me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Duke</h3>
         <p>Let it be so.</p>
         <p>Good night to every one. And, noble signior,</p>
         <p>If virtue no delighted beauty lack,</p>
         <p>Your son-in-law is far more fair than black.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Bra.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Other Senators</h3>
         <p>Adieu, brave Moor; use Desdemona well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Brabantio</h3>
         <p>Look to her, Moor, if thou hast eyes to see:</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="6">She has deceived her father, and may thee.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Duke, Senators, Officers, c.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>My life upon her faith! Honest Iago,</p>
         <p>My Desdemona must I leave to thee:</p>
         <p>I prithee, let thy wife attend on her;</p>
         <p>And bring them after in the best advantage.</p>
         <p>Come Desdemona; I have but an hour</p>
         <p>Of love, of wordly matters and direction,</p>
         <p>To spend with thee: we must obey the time.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Othello and Desdemona.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Iago, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What say'st thou, noble heart?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>What will I do, thinkest thou?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, go to bed, and sleep.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I will incontinently drown myself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>If thou dost, I shall never love thee after. Why, thou</p>
         <p>silly gentleman!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>It is silliness to live when to live is torment;</p>
         <p>and then have we a prescription to die when death is</p>
         <p>our physician.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O villainous! I have looked upon the world for</p>
         <p>four times seven years; and since I could</p>
         <p>distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury, I</p>
         <p>never found man that knew how to love himself.</p>
         <p>Ere I would say, I would drown myself for the</p>
         <p>love of a guinea hen, I would change my humanity with</p>
         <p>a baboon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>What should I do? I confess it is my shame to be so</p>
         <p>fond; but it is not in my virtue to amend it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Virtue! a fig! 'tis in ourselves that we are thus</p>
         <p>or thus. Our bodies are our gardens, to the which</p>
         <p>our wills are gardeners; so that if we will plant</p>
         <p>nettles, or sow lettuce. set hyssop and weed up</p>
         <p>tine, supply it with one gender of herbs, or</p>
         <p>distract it with many, either to have it sterile</p>
         <p>with idleness, or manured with industry, why,</p>
         <p>the power and corrigible authority of this lies</p>
         <p>in our wills. If the beam of our lives had not</p>
         <p>one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality,</p>
         <p>the blood and baseness of our natures would</p>
         <p>conduct us to most preposterous conclusions: but</p>
         <p>we have reason to cool our raging motions, our</p>
         <p>carnal stings, our unbitted lusts, whereof I take this</p>
         <p>that you call love to be a sect or scion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>It cannot be.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission</p>
         <p>of the will. Come, be a man. Drown thyself! drown</p>
         <p>cats and blind puppies. I have professed me thy</p>
         <p>friend and I confess me knit to thy deserving</p>
         <p>with cables of perdurable toughness; I could</p>
         <p>never better stead thee than now. Put money in</p>
         <p>thy purse; follow thou the wars; defeat thy favour</p>
         <p>with an usurped beard; I say, put money in thy</p>
         <p>purse. It cannot be long that Desdemona should</p>
         <p>continue her love to the Moor, — put money in thy</p>
         <p>purse, — nor he his to her: it was a violent</p>
         <p>commencement in her, and thou shalt see an</p>
         <p>answerable sequestration: — put but money in thy</p>
         <p>purse. These Moors are changeable in their</p>
         <p>wills: — fill thy purse with money: — the food that</p>
         <p>to him now is as luscious as locusts, shall be</p>
         <p>to him shortly as bitter as coloquintida. She</p>
         <p>must change for youth: when she is sated with</p>
         <p>his body, she will find the error of her choice:</p>
         <p>she must have change, she must: therefore put</p>
         <p>money in thy purse. If thou wilt needs damn</p>
         <p>thyself, do it a more delicate way than drowning.</p>
         <p>Make all the money thou canst: if sanctimony and</p>
         <p>a frail vow betwixt an erring barbarian and a</p>
         <p>supersubtle Venetian be not too hard for my wits</p>
         <p>and all the tribe of hell, thou shalt enjoy her;</p>
         <p>therefore make money. A pox of drowning thyself!</p>
         <p>it is clean out of the way: seek thou rather to</p>
         <p>be hanged in compassing thy joy than to be drowned and</p>
         <p>go without her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Wilt thou be fast to my hopes, if I depend on the</p>
         <p>issue?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Thou art sure of me: — go, make money: — I have told</p>
         <p>thee often, and I retell thee again and again,</p>
         <p>I hate the Moor: my cause is hearted; thine hath</p>
         <p>no less reason. Let us be conjunctive in our</p>
         <p>revenge against him; if thou canst cuckold him,</p>
         <p>thou dost thyself a pleasure, me a sport. There</p>
         <p>are many events in the womb of time which will</p>
         <p>be delivered. Traverse! go, provide thy money. We will</p>
         <p>have more of this to-morrow. Adieu.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Where shall we meet i' the morning?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>At my lodging.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I'll be with thee betimes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Go to; farewell. Do you hear, Roderigo?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>What say you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>No more of drowning, do you hear?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I am changed</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Go to, farewell. Put money enough in your purse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I'll sell all my land.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Thus do I ever make my fool my purse;</p>
         <p>For I mine own gained knowledge should profane,</p>
         <p>If I would time expend with such a snipe,</p>
         <p>But for my sport and profit. I hate the Moor;</p>
         <p>And it is thought abroad, that 'twixt my sheets</p>
         <p>He's done my office: I know not if't be true;</p>
         <p>But I, for mere suspicion in that kind,</p>
         <p>Will do as if for surety. He holds me well;</p>
         <p>The better shall my purpose work on him.</p>
         <p>Cassio's a proper man: let me see now:</p>
         <p>To get his place and to plume up my will</p>
         <p>In double knavery — How, how? — Let's see: —</p>
         <p>After some time, to abuse Othello's ear</p>
         <p>That he is too familiar with his wife.</p>
         <p>He hath a person and a smooth dispose</p>
         <p>To be suspected, framed to make women false.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="7">This is a really long one, but the context of being called an idiot is important The
            Moor is of a free and open nature,</p>
         <p>That thinks men honest that but seem to be so,</p>
         <p>And will as tenderly be led by the nose</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="8">As asses are.</p>
         <p>I have't. It is engendered. Hell and night</p>
         <p>Must bring this monstrous birth to the world's light.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">A Sea-port in Cyprus. An open place near the quay.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter MONTANO and two Gentlemen.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>What from the cape can you discern at sea?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>Nothing at all: it is a high-wrought flood;</p>
         <p>I cannot, 'twixt the heaven and the main,</p>
         <p>Descry a sail.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>Methinks the wind hath spoke aloud at land;</p>
         <p>A fuller blast ne'er shook our battlements:</p>
         <p>If it hath ruffianed so upon the sea,</p>
         <p>What ribs of oak, when mountains melt on them,</p>
         <p>Can hold the mortise? What shall we hear of this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>A segregation of the Turkish fleet:</p>
         <p>For do but stand upon the foaming shore,</p>
         <p>The chidden billow seems to pelt the clouds;</p>
         <p>The wind-shaked surge, with high and monstrous mane,</p>
         <p>Seems to cast water on the burning bear,</p>
         <p>And quench the guards of the ever-fixed pole:</p>
         <p>I never did like molestation view</p>
         <p>On the enchafed flood.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>If that the Turkish fleet</p>
         <p>Be not ensheltered and embayed, they are drowned;</p>
         <p>It is impossible to bear it out.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter a third Gentleman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>News, lads! our wars are done.</p>
         <p>The desperate tempest hath so banged the Turks,</p>
         <p>That their designment halts: a noble ship of Venice</p>
         <p>Hath seen a grievous wrack and sufferance</p>
         <p>On most part of their fleet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>How! is this true?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>The ship is here put in,</p>
         <p>A Veronesa; Michael Cassio,</p>
         <p>Lieutenant to the warlike Moor Othello,</p>
         <p>Is come on shore: the Moor himself at sea,</p>
         <p>And is in full commission here for Cyprus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>I am glad on't; 'tis a worthy governor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>But this same Cassio, though he speak of comfort</p>
         <p>Touching the Turkish loss, yet he looks sadly,</p>
         <p>And prays the Moor be safe; for they were parted</p>
         <p>With foul and violent tempest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>Pray heaven he be;</p>
         <p>For I have served him, and the man commands</p>
         <p>Like a full soldier. Let's to the seaside, ho!</p>
         <p>As well to see the vessel that's come in</p>
         <p>As to throw out our eyes for brave Othello,</p>
         <p>Even till we make the main and the aerial blue</p>
         <p>An indistinct regard.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>Come, let's do so;</p>
         <p>For every minute is expectancy</p>
         <p>Of more arrivance.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter CASSIO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Thanks, you the valiant of this warlike isle,</p>
         <p>That so approve the Moor! O, let the heavens</p>
         <p>Give him defence against the elements,</p>
         <p>For I have lost him on a dangerous sea.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>Is he well shipped?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>His bark is stoutly timbered, and his pilot</p>
         <p>Of very expert and approved allowance;</p>
         <p>Therefore my hopes, not surfeited to death,</p>
         <p>Stand in bold cure.</p>
         <p class="stage">A cry within “A sail, a sail, a sail!”</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter a fourth Gentleman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>What noise?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>The town is empty; on the brow o' the sea</p>
         <p>Stand ranks of people, and they cry “ A sail!”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>My hopes do shape him for the governor.</p>
         <p class="stage">Guns heard. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>They do discharge their shot of courtesy:</p>
         <p>Our friends at least.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I pray you, sir, go forth,</p>
         <p>And give us truth who 'tis that is arrived.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>I shall.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>But, good lieutenant, is your general wived?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Most fortunately: he hath achieved a maid</p>
         <p>That paragons description and wild fame;</p>
         <p>One that excels the quirks of blazoning pens,</p>
         <p>And in the essential vesture of creation</p>
         <p>Does tire the ingener. How now! who has put in?</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter second Gentleman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>'Tis one Iago, ancient to the general.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>He's had most favourable and happy speed:</p>
         <p>Tempests themselves, high seas and howling winds,</p>
         <p>The guttered rocks and congregated sands, —</p>
         <p>Traitors ensteeped to enclog the guiltless keel, —</p>
         <p>As having sense of beauty, do omit</p>
         <p>Their mortal natures, letting go safely by</p>
         <p>The divine Desdemona.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>What is she?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>She that I spake of, our great captain's captain,</p>
         <p>Left in the conduct of the bold Iago,</p>
         <p>Whose footing here anticipates our thoughts</p>
         <p>A se'nnight's speed. Great Jove, Othello guard,</p>
         <p>And swell his sail with thine own powerful breath,</p>
         <p>That he may bless this bay with his tall ship,</p>
         <p>Make love's quick pants in Desdemona's arms,</p>
         <p>Give renewed fire to our extincted spirits,</p>
         <p>And bring all Cyprus comfort! O, behold,</p>
         <p>The riches of the ship is come on shore!</p>
         <p>You men of Cyprus, let her have your knees.</p>
         <p>Hail to thee, lady! and the grace of heaven,</p>
         <p>Before, behind thee and on every hand,</p>
         <p>Enwheel thee round!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter DESDEMONA, EMILIA, IAGO, RODERIGO, and Attendants.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I thank you, valiant Cassio.</p>
         <p>What tidings can you tell me of my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>He is not yet arrived: nor know I aught</p>
         <p>But that he's well and will be shortly here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O, but I fear — How lost you company?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>The great contention of the sea and skies</p>
         <p>Parted our fellowship — But, hark! a sail.</p>
         <p class="stage">Within 'A sail, a sail!” Guns heard.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>They give their greeting to the citadel:</p>
         <p>This likewise is a friend.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>See for the news.</p>
         <p>Good ancient, you are welcome.</p>
         <p>Welcome, mistress:</p>
         <p>Let it not gall your patience, good Iago,</p>
         <p>That I extend my manners; 'tis my breeding</p>
         <p>That gives me this bold show of courtesy.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Gentleman.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Emilia</p>
         <p class="stage">Kissing her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Sir, would she give you so much of her lips</p>
         <p>As of her tongue she oft bestows on me,</p>
         <p>You would have enough.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas, she has no speech.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>In faith, too much;</p>
         <p>I find it still, when I have list to sleep:</p>
         <p>Marry, before your ladyship, I grant,</p>
         <p>She puts her tongue a little in her heart,</p>
         <p>And chides with thinking.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>You have little cause to say so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Come on, come on; you are pictures out a' doors,</p>
         <p>Bells in your parlours, wild-cats in your kitchens,</p>
         <p>Saints in your injuries, devils being offended,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="8">Players in your huswifery, and huswives in your beds.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="9">O, fie upon thee, slanderer!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Nay, it is true, or else I am a Turk:</p>
         <p>You rise to play and go to bed to work.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>You shall not write my praise.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>No, let me not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>What wouldst write of me, if thou shouldst praise me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O gentle lady, do not put me to't;</p>
         <p>For I am nothing, if not critical.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Come on, assay. There's one gone to the harbour?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Ay, madam.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I am not merry; but I do beguile</p>
         <p>The thing I am, by seeming otherwise.</p>
         <p>Come, how wouldst thou praise me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I am about it; but indeed my invention</p>
         <p>Comes from my pate as birdlime does from frieze;</p>
         <p>It plucks out brains and all: but my Muse labours,</p>
         <p>And thus she is delivered.</p>
         <p>If she be fair and wise, fairness and wit,</p>
         <p>The one's for use, the other useth it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Well praised! How if she be black and witty?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>If she be black, and thereto have a wit,</p>
         <p>She'll find a white that shall her blackness fit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Worse and worse.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>How if fair and foolish?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>She never yet was foolish that was fair;</p>
         <p>For even her folly helped her to an heir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>These are old fond paradoxes to make fools laugh</p>
         <p>i' the alehouse. What miserable praise hast thou for</p>
         <p>her that's foul and foolish?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>There's none so foul and foolish thereunto,</p>
         <p>But does foul pranks which fair and wise ones do.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O heavy ignorance! thou praisest the worst best.</p>
         <p>But what praise couldst thou bestow on a deserving</p>
         <p>woman indeed, one that, in the authority of her</p>
         <p>merit, did justly put on the vouch of very malice</p>
         <p>itself?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>She that was ever fair and never proud,</p>
         <p>Had tongue at will and yet was never loud,</p>
         <p>Never lacked gold and yet went never gay,</p>
         <p>Fled from her wish and yet said “ Now I may,”</p>
         <p>She that being angered, her revenge being nigh,</p>
         <p>Bade her wrong stay and her displeasure fly,</p>
         <p>She that in wisdom never was so frail</p>
         <p>To change the cod's head for the salmon's tail,</p>
         <p>She that could think and ne'er disclose her mind,</p>
         <p>See suitors following and not look behind,</p>
         <p>She was a wight, if ever such wight were, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>To do what?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O most lame and impotent conclusion! Do not learn</p>
         <p>of him, Emilia, though he be thy husband. How</p>
         <p>say you, Cassio? is he not a most profane and liberal</p>
         <p>counsellor?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>He speaks home, madam: you may relish him more in the</p>
         <p>soldier than in the scholar.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>He takes her by the palm: ay, well said, whisper:</p>
         <p>with as little a web as this will I ensnare as</p>
         <p>great a fly as Cassio. Ay, smile upon her, do;</p>
         <p>I will gyve thee in thine own courtship. You say</p>
         <p>true; 'tis so, indeed: if such tricks as these</p>
         <p>strip you out of your lieutenantry, it had been</p>
         <p>better you had not kissed your three fingers so</p>
         <p>oft, which now again you are most apt to play</p>
         <p>the sir in. Very good; well kissed! an excellent</p>
         <p>courtesy! 'tis so, indeed. Yet again your fingers</p>
         <p>to your lips? would they were clyster-pipes for your</p>
         <p>sake!</p>
         <p>The Moor! I know his trumpet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>'Tis truly so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Let's meet him and receive him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Lo, where he comes!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O my fair warrior!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My dear Othello!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>It gives me wonder great as my content</p>
         <p>To see you here before me. O my soul's joy!</p>
         <p>If after every tempest come such calms,</p>
         <p>May the winds blow till they have wakened death!</p>
         <p>And let the labouring bark climb hills of seas</p>
         <p>Olympus-high and duck again as low</p>
         <p>As hell's from heaven! If it were now to die,</p>
         <p>'Twere now to be most happy; for, I fear,</p>
         <p>My soul hath her content so absolute</p>
         <p>That not another comfort like to this</p>
         <p>Succeeds in unknown fate.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>The heavens forbid</p>
         <p>But that our loves and comforts should increase,</p>
         <p>Even as our days do grow!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Amen to that, sweet powers!</p>
         <p>I cannot speak enough of this content;</p>
         <p>It stops me here; it is too much of joy:</p>
         <p>And this, and this, the greatest discords be</p>
         <p>That e'er our hearts shall make!</p>
         <p class="stage">Kissing her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O, you are well tuned now!</p>
         <p>But I'll set down the pegs that make this music,</p>
         <p>As honest as I am.</p>
         <p class="stage">Aside</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Come, let us to the castle.</p>
         <p>News, friends; our wars are done, the Turks are drowned.</p>
         <p>How does my old acquaintance of this isle?</p>
         <p>Honey, you shall be well desired in Cyprus;</p>
         <p>I have found great love amongst them. O my sweet,</p>
         <p>I prattle out of fashion, and I dote</p>
         <p>In mine own comforts. I prithee, good Iago,</p>
         <p>Go to the bay and disembark my coffers:</p>
         <p>Bring thou the master to the citadel;</p>
         <p>He is a good one, and his worthiness</p>
         <p>Does challenge much respect. Come, Desdemona,</p>
         <p>Once more, well met at Cyprus.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Othello, Desdemona, and Attendants.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Do thou meet me presently at the harbour. Come</p>
         <p>hither. If thou be'st valiant, — as, they say,</p>
         <p>base men being in love have then a nobility in</p>
         <p>their natures more than is native to them, — list</p>
         <p>me. The lieutenant tonight watches on the court</p>
         <p>of guard: — first, I must tell thee this — Desdemona is</p>
         <p>directly in love with him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>With him! why, 'tis not possible.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Lay thy finger thus, and let thy soul be instructed.</p>
         <p>Mark me with what violence she first loved the</p>
         <p>Moor, but for bragging and telling her fantastical</p>
         <p>lies. To love him still for prating? let not thy</p>
         <p>discreet heart think it. Her eye must be fed;</p>
         <p>and what delight shall she have to look on the</p>
         <p>devil? When the blood is made dull with the act</p>
         <p>of sport, there should be, again to inflame it</p>
         <p>and to give satiety a fresh appetite, loveliness</p>
         <p>in favour, sympathy in years, manners and beauties;</p>
         <p>all which the Moor is defective in: now, for want</p>
         <p>of these required conveniences, her delicate</p>
         <p>tenderness will find itself abused, begin to</p>
         <p>heave the gorge, disrelish and abhor the Moor;</p>
         <p>very nature will instruct her in it and compel</p>
         <p>her to some second choice. Now, sir, this</p>
         <p>granted, — as it is a most pregnant and unforced</p>
         <p>position — who stands so eminent in the degree of</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="11">this fortune as Cassio does? a knave very voluble;</p>
         <p>no further conscionable than in putting on the</p>
         <p>mere form of civil and humane seeming, for the</p>
         <p>better compass of his salt and most hidden loose</p>
         <p>affection? why, none; why, none: a slipper and</p>
         <p>subtle knave, a finder-out of occasion, that has</p>
         <p>an eye can stamp and counterfeit advantages,</p>
         <p>though true advantage never present itself; a</p>
         <p>devilish knave. Besides, the knave is handsome,</p>
         <p>young, and hath all those requisites in him that</p>
         <p>folly and green minds look after: a pestilent complete</p>
         <p>knave; and the woman hath found him already.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I cannot believe that in her; she's full of most</p>
         <p>blessed condition.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Blessed fig's-end! the wine she drinks is made</p>
         <p>of grapes: if she had been blessed, she would</p>
         <p>never have loved the Moor. Blessed pudding! Didst</p>
         <p>thou not see her paddle with the palm of his hand?</p>
         <p>didst not mark that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Yes, that I did; but that was but courtesy.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Lechery, by this hand; an index and obscure</p>
         <p>prologue to the history of lust and foul thoughts.</p>
         <p>They met so near with their lips that their</p>
         <p>breaths embraced together. villainous thoughts,</p>
         <p>Roderigo! when these mutualities so marshal the</p>
         <p>way, hard at hand comes the master and main</p>
         <p>exercise, the incorporate conclusion, Pish! But,</p>
         <p>sir, be you ruled by me: I have brought you from</p>
         <p>Venice. Watch you to-night; for the command, I'll</p>
         <p>lay't upon you. Cassio knows you not. I'll not</p>
         <p>be far from you: do you find some occasion to</p>
         <p>anger Cassio, either by speaking too loud, or</p>
         <p>tainting his discipline; or from what other course</p>
         <p>you please, which the time shall more favourably</p>
         <p>minister.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Sir, he's rash and very sudden in choler, and</p>
         <p>haply may strike at you: provoke him, that he</p>
         <p>may; for even out of that will I cause these of</p>
         <p>Cyprus to mutiny; whose qualification shall come</p>
         <p>into no true taste again but by the displanting</p>
         <p>of Cassio. So shall you have a shorter journey</p>
         <p>to your desires by the means I shall then have</p>
         <p>to prefer them; and the impediment most profitably</p>
         <p>removed, without the which there were no expectation</p>
         <p>of our prosperity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I will do this, if you can bring it to any</p>
         <p>opportunity.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I warrant thee. Meet me by and by at the citadel: I</p>
         <p>must fetch his necessaries ashore. Farewell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Adieu.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>That Cassio loves her, I do well believe't;</p>
         <p>That she loves him, 'tis apt and of great credit:</p>
         <p>The Moor, howbeit that I endure him not,</p>
         <p>Is of a constant, loving, noble nature,</p>
         <p>And I dare think he'll prove to Desdemona</p>
         <p>A most dear husband. Now, I do love her too;</p>
         <p>Not out of absolute lust, though peradventure</p>
         <p>I stand accountant for as great a sin,</p>
         <p>But partly led to diet my revenge,</p>
         <p>For that I do suspect the lusty Moor</p>
         <p>Hath leaped into my seat; the thought whereof</p>
         <p>Doth, like a poisonous mineral, gnaw my inwards;</p>
         <p>And nothing can or shall content my soul</p>
         <p>Till I am evened with him, wife for wife,</p>
         <p>Or failing so, yet that I put the Moor</p>
         <p>At least into a jealousy so strong</p>
         <p>That judgement cannot cure. Which thing to do,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="12">no reciever If this poor trash of Venice, whom I trace In my print it reads this word
            as trash and the entire insult is about getting rid of worthless people</p>
         <p>For his quick hunting, stand the putting on,</p>
         <p>I'll have our Michael Cassio on the hip,</p>
         <p>Abuse him to the Moor in the rank garb —</p>
         <p>For I fear Cassio with my night-cap too —</p>
         <p>Make the Moor thank me, love me and reward me,</p>
         <p>For making him egregiously an ass</p>
         <p>And practising upon his peace and quiet</p>
         <p>Even to madness. 'Tis here, but yet confused:</p>
         <p>Knavery's plain face is never seen till used.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A street.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter a Herald with a proclamation; People following.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Herald</h3>
         <p>It is Othello's pleasure, our noble and valiant</p>
         <p>general, that, upon certain tidings now arrived,</p>
         <p>importing the mere perdition of the Turkish fleet,</p>
         <p>every man put himself into triumph; some to dance,</p>
         <p>some to make bonfires, each man to what sport</p>
         <p>and revels his addiction leads him: for, besides</p>
         <p>these beneficial news, it is the celebration of</p>
         <p>his nuptial. So much was his pleasure should be</p>
         <p>proclaimed All offices are open, and there is</p>
         <p>full liberty of feasting from this present hour</p>
         <p>of five till the bell have told eleven. Heaven</p>
         <p>bless the isle of Cyprus and our noble general</p>
         <p>Othello!</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 2, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">A hall in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO, DESDEMONA, CASSIO, and Attendants.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Good Michael, look you to the guard to-night:</p>
         <p>Let's teach ourselves that honourable stop,</p>
         <p>Not to outsport discretion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Iago hath direction what to do;</p>
         <p>But, notwithstanding, with my personal eye</p>
         <p>Will I look to't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Iago is most honest.</p>
         <p>Michael, good night: to-morrow with your earliest</p>
         <p>Let me have speech with you.</p>
         <p>Come, my dear love,</p>
         <p>The purchase made, the fruits are to ensue;</p>
         <p>That profit's yet to come 'tween me and you.</p>
         <p>Good night.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Desdemona</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Othello, Desdemona, and Attendants.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter IAGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Welcome, Iago; we must to the watch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Not this hour, lieutenant; 'tis not yet ten o'</p>
         <p>the clock. Our general cast us thus early for</p>
         <p>the love of his Desdemona; who let us not therefore</p>
         <p>blame: he hath not yet made wanton the night with her;</p>
         <p>and she is sport for Jove.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>She's a most exquisite lady.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And, I'll warrant her, full of game.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Indeed, she's a most fresh and delicate creature.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What an eye she has! methinks it sounds a parley to</p>
         <p>provocation.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>An inviting eye; and yet methinks right modest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And when she speaks, is it not an alarum to love?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>She is indeed perfection.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Well, happiness to their sheets! Come, lieutenant,</p>
         <p>I have a stoup of wine; and here without are a</p>
         <p>brace of Cyprus gallants that would fain have a</p>
         <p>measure to the health of black Othello.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Not to-night, good Iago: I have very poor and</p>
         <p>unhappy brains for drinking: I could well wish</p>
         <p>courtesy would invent some other custom of</p>
         <p>entertainment.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O, they are our friends; but one cup: I'll drink for</p>
         <p>you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I have drunk but one cup to-night, and that was</p>
         <p>craftily qualified too, and, behold, what innovation</p>
         <p>it makes here: I am infortunate in the infirmity, and</p>
         <p>dare not task my weakness with any more.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What, man! 'tis a night of revels; the gallants desire</p>
         <p>it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Where are they?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Here at the door; I pray you, call them in.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I'll do't; but it dislikes me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>If I can fasten but one cup upon him,</p>
         <p>With that which he hath drunk to-night already,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="13">no reciever He'll be as full of quarrel and offence</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="14">As my young mistress' dog. no reciever Now, my sick fool Roderigo,</p>
         <p>Whom love hath turned almost the wrong side out,</p>
         <p>To Desdemona hath to-night caroused</p>
         <p>Potations pottle-deep; and he's to watch:</p>
         <p>Three else of Cyprus, noble swelling spirits,</p>
         <p>That hold their honours in a wary distance,</p>
         <p>The very elements of this warlike isle,</p>
         <p>Have I to-night flustered with flowing cups,</p>
         <p>And they watch too. Now, 'mongst this flock of drunkards,</p>
         <p>Am I to put our Cassio in some action</p>
         <p>That may offend the isle. — But here they come:</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>'Fore God, they have given me a rouse already.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>Good faith, a little one; not past a pint, as I am a</p>
         <p>soldier.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Some wine, ho!</p>
         <p>Some wine, boys!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>'Fore God, an excellent song.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I learned it in England, where, indeed, they are</p>
         <p>most potent in potting: your Dane, your German,</p>
         <p>and your swag-bellied Hollander — Drink, ho! — are nothing</p>
         <p>to your English.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Is your Englishman so exquisite in his drinking?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, he drinks you, with facility, your Dane dead</p>
         <p>drunk; he sweats not to overthrow your Almain;</p>
         <p>he gives your Hollander a vomit, ere the next pottle</p>
         <p>can be filled.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>To the health of our general!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>I am for it, lieutenant; and I'll do you justice.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O sweet England!</p>
         <p>Some wine, ho!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>'Fore God, this is a more exquisite song than the</p>
         <p>other.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Will you hear't again?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>No; for I hold him to be unworthy of his place</p>
         <p>that does those things. Well, God's above all;</p>
         <p>and there be souls must be saved, and there be souls</p>
         <p>must not be saved.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>It's true, good lieutenant.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>For mine own part, — no offence to the general, nor any</p>
         <p>man of quality, — I hope to be saved.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And so do I too, lieutenant.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Ay, but, by your leave, not before me; the</p>
         <p>lieutenant is to be saved before the ancient.</p>
         <p>Let's have no more of this; let's to our affairs. — God</p>
         <p>forgive us our sins! — Gentlemen, let's look to</p>
         <p>our business. Do not think, gentlemen, I am drunk:</p>
         <p>this is my ancient; this is my right hand, and</p>
         <p>this is my left: I am not drunk now; I can stand well</p>
         <p>enough, and I speak well enough.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All.</h3>
         <p>Excellent well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Why, very well then; you must not think then that I am</p>
         <p>drunk.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>To the platform, masters; come, let's set the watch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You see this fellow that is gone before;</p>
         <p>He's a soldier fit to stand by Caesar</p>
         <p>And give direction: and do but see his vice;</p>
         <p>'Tis to his virtue a just equinox,</p>
         <p>The one as long as the other: 'tis pity of him.</p>
         <p>I fear the trust Othello puts him in,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="15">On some odd time of his infirmity,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="16">Will shake this island.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>But is he often thus?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Tis evermore the prologue to his sleep:</p>
         <p>He'll watch the horologe a double set,</p>
         <p>If drink rock not his cradle.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>It were well</p>
         <p>The general were put in mind of it.</p>
         <p>Perhaps he sees it not; or his good nature</p>
         <p>Prizes the virtue that appears in Cassio,</p>
         <p>And looks not on his evils: is not this true?</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter RODERIGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>How now, Roderigo!</p>
         <p>I pray you, after the lieutenant; go.</p>
         <p class="stage">Aside to him</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Roderigo,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>And 'tis great pity that the noble Moor</p>
         <p>Should hazard such a place as his own second</p>
         <p>With one of an engraft infirmity:</p>
         <p>It were an honest action to say</p>
         <p>So to the Moor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Not I, for this fair island:</p>
         <p>I do love Cassio well; and would do much</p>
         <p>To cure him of this evil — But, hark! what noise?</p>
         <p class="stage">Cry within: “Help! help!” </p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter CASSIO, driving in RODERIGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="16">'Zounds, you rogue! you rascal!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>What's the matter, lieutenant?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>A knave teach me my duty! I'll beat the knave into a</p>
         <p>twiggen bottle.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Beat me!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Dost thou prate, rogue?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>Nay, good lieutenant;</p>
         <p>I pray you, sir, hold your hand.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Let me go, sir, or I'll knock you o'er the mazzard.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>Come, come, you're drunk.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Drunk!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Away, I say; go out, and cry a mutiny.</p>
         <p>Nay, good lieutenant, — God's will, gentlemen; —</p>
         <p>Help, ho! — Lieutenant, — sir, — Montano, — sir; —</p>
         <p>Help, masters! — Here's a goodly watch indeed!</p>
         <p>Who's that which rings the bell? — Diablo, ho!</p>
         <p>The town will rise: God's will, lieutenant, hold!</p>
         <p>You'll be ashamed for ever.</p>
         <p class="stage">Aside to Roderigo</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Roderigo. </p>
         <p class="stage">Bell rings. </p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter OTHELLO and Attendants.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What is the matter here?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>'Zounds, I bleed still;</p>
         <p>I am hurt to the death. He dies.</p>
         <p class="stage">He thrusts at Cassio. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Hold, for your lives!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Hold, ho! Lieutenant, — sir, — Montano, — gentlemen, —</p>
         <p>Have you forgot all place of sense and duty?</p>
         <p>Hold! the general speaks to you; hold, for shame!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Why, how now, ho! from whence ariseth this?</p>
         <p>Are we turned Turks, and to ourselves do that</p>
         <p>Which heaven hath forbid the Ottomites?</p>
         <p>For Christian shame, put by this barbarous brawl:</p>
         <p>He that stirs next to carve for his own rage</p>
         <p>Holds his soul light; he dies upon his motion.</p>
         <p>Silence that dreadful bell: it frights the isle</p>
         <p>From her propriety. What is the matter, masters?</p>
         <p>Honest Iago, that looks dead with grieving,</p>
         <p>Speak, who began this? on thy love, I charge thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I do not know: friends all but now, even now,</p>
         <p>In quarter, and in terms like bride and groom</p>
         <p>Devesting them for bed; and then, but now —</p>
         <p>As if some planet had unwitted men —</p>
         <p>Swords out, and tilting one at other's breast,</p>
         <p>In opposition bloody. I cannot speak</p>
         <p>Any beginning to this peevish odds;</p>
         <p>And would in action glorious I had lost</p>
         <p>Those legs that brought me to a part of it!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>How comes it, Michael, you are thus forgot?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I pray you, pardon me; I cannot speak.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Worthy Montano, you were wont to be civil;</p>
         <p>The gravity and stillness of your youth</p>
         <p>The world hath noted, and your name is great</p>
         <p>In mouths of wisest censure: what's the matter,</p>
         <p>That you unlace your reputation thus</p>
         <p>And spend your rich opinion for the name</p>
         <p>Of a night-brawler? give me answer to it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>Worthy Othello, I am hurt to danger:</p>
         <p>Your officer, Iago, can inform you, —</p>
         <p>While I spare speech, which something now offends me, —</p>
         <p>Of all that I do know: nor know I aught</p>
         <p>By me that's said or done amiss this night;</p>
         <p>Unless self-charity be sometimes a vice,</p>
         <p>And to defend ourselves it be a sin</p>
         <p>When violence assails us.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Now, by heaven,</p>
         <p>My blood begins my safer guides to rule;</p>
         <p>And passion, having my best judgement collied,</p>
         <p>Assays to lead the way. 'Zounds, if I stir,</p>
         <p>Or do but lift this arm. the best of you</p>
         <p>Shall sink in my rebuke. Give me to know</p>
         <p>How this foul rout began, who set it on;</p>
         <p>And he that is approved in this offence,</p>
         <p>Though he had twinned with me, both at a birth,</p>
         <p>Shall lose me. What! in a town of war,</p>
         <p>Yet wild, the people's hearts brimful of fear,</p>
         <p>To manage private and domestic quarrel,</p>
         <p>In night, and on the court and guard of safety!</p>
         <p>'Tis monstrous. Iago, who began't?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>If partially affined, or leagued in office,</p>
         <p>Thou dost deliver more or less than truth,</p>
         <p>Thou art no soldier.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Touch me not so near:</p>
         <p>I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth</p>
         <p>Than it should do offence to Michael Cassio;</p>
         <p>Yet, I persuade myself, to speak the truth</p>
         <p>Shall nothing wrong him. Thus it is, general.</p>
         <p>Montano and myself being in speech,</p>
         <p>There comes a fellow crying out for help;</p>
         <p>And Cassio following him with determined sword,</p>
         <p>To execute upon him. Sir, this gentleman</p>
         <p>Steps in to Cassio, and entreats his pause:</p>
         <p>Myself the crying fellow did pursue,</p>
         <p>Lest by his clamour — as it so fell out —</p>
         <p>The town might fall in fright: he, swift of foot,</p>
         <p>Outran my purpose; and I returned the rather</p>
         <p>For that I heard the clink and fall of swords,</p>
         <p>And Cassio high in oath; which till to-night</p>
         <p>I ne'er might say before. When I came back —</p>
         <p>For this was brief — I found them close together,</p>
         <p>At blow and thrust; even as again they were</p>
         <p>When you yourself did part them.</p>
         <p>More of this matter cannot I report:</p>
         <p>But men are men; the best sometimes forget:</p>
         <p>Though Cassio did some little wrong to him,</p>
         <p>As men in rage strike those that wish them best,</p>
         <p>Yet surely Cassio, I believe, received</p>
         <p>From him that fled some strange indignity,</p>
         <p>Which patience, could not pass.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I know, Iago,</p>
         <p>Thy honesty and love doth mince this matter,</p>
         <p>Making it light to Cassio. Cassio, I love thee;</p>
         <p>But never more be officer of mine.</p>
         <p>Look, if my gentle love be not raised up!</p>
         <p>I'll make thee an example.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter DESDEMONA, attended.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>What is the matter, dear?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>All's well now, sweeting;</p>
         <p>Come away to bed. Sir, for your hurts,</p>
         <p>Myself will be your surgeon. Lead him off.</p>
         <p>Iago, look with care about the town,</p>
         <p>And silence those whom this vile brawl distracted.</p>
         <p>Come, Desdemona: 'tis the soldiers' life</p>
         <p>To have their balmy slumbers waked with strife.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Montano, who is led off.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt all but Iago and Cassio. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What, are you hurt, lieutenant?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Ay, past all surgery.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Marry, God forbid!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Reputation, reputation, reputation! O, I have</p>
         <p>lost my reputation! I have lost the immortal part</p>
         <p>of myself, and what remains is bestial. My reputation,</p>
         <p>Iago, my reputation!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>As I am an honest man, I had thought you had</p>
         <p>received some bodily wound; there is more sense</p>
         <p>in that than in reputation. Reputation is an idle</p>
         <p>and most false imposition; oft got without merit,</p>
         <p>and lost without deserving: you have lost no</p>
         <p>reputation at all, unless you repute yourself</p>
         <p>such a loser. What, man! there are more ways to</p>
         <p>recover the general again: you are but now cast</p>
         <p>in his mood, a punishment more in policy than in</p>
         <p>malice; even so as one would beat his offenceless</p>
         <p>dog to affright an imperious lion: sue to him again,</p>
         <p>and he's yours.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I will rather sue to be despised than to deceive</p>
         <p>so good a commander with so slight, so drunken,</p>
         <p>and so indiscreet an officer. Drunk? and speak</p>
         <p>parrot? and squabble? swagger? swear? and discourse</p>
         <p>fustian with one's own shadow? O thou invisible</p>
         <p>spirit of wine, if thou hast no name to be known by,</p>
         <p>let us call thee devil!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What was he that you followed with your sword? What</p>
         <p>had he done to you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I know not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Is't possible?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I remember a mass of things, but nothing distinctly;</p>
         <p>a quarrel, but nothing wherefore. O God, that</p>
         <p>men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal</p>
         <p>away their brains! that we should, with joy,</p>
         <p>pleasance, revel and applause transform ourselves into</p>
         <p>beasts!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, but you are now well enough: how came you thus</p>
         <p>recovered?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>It hath pleased the devil drunkenness to give</p>
         <p>place to the devil wrath: one unperfectness shows me</p>
         <p>another, to make me frankly despise myself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Come, you are too severe a moraler: as the time,</p>
         <p>the place, and the condition of this country</p>
         <p>stands, I could heartily wish this had not</p>
         <p>befallen; but, since it is as it is, mend it for your</p>
         <p>own good.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I will ask him for my place again; he shall tell</p>
         <p>me I am a drunkard! Had I as many mouths as Hydra,</p>
         <p>such an answer would stop them all. To be now a</p>
         <p>sensible man, by and by a fool, and presently a</p>
         <p>beast! O strange! Every inordinate cup is unblessed</p>
         <p>and the ingredient is a devil.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature,</p>
         <p>if it be well used: exclaim no more against it. And,</p>
         <p>good lieutenant, I think you think I love you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I have well approved it, sir. I drunk!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You or any man living may be drunk at a time,</p>
         <p>man. I'll tell you what you shall do. Our general's</p>
         <p>wife is now the general: I may say so in this</p>
         <p>respect, for that he hath devoted and given up</p>
         <p>himself to the contemplation, mark, and denotement</p>
         <p>of her parts and graces: confess yourself freely</p>
         <p>to her; importune her help to put you in your</p>
         <p>place again: she is of so free, so kind, so apt,</p>
         <p>so blessed a disposition, she holds it a vice in</p>
         <p>her goodness not to do more than she is requested:</p>
         <p>this broken joint between you and her husband</p>
         <p>entreat her to splinter; and, my fortunes against</p>
         <p>any lay worth naming, this crack of your love shall</p>
         <p>grow stronger than it was before.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>You advise me well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I protest, in the sincerity of love and honest</p>
         <p>kindness.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I think it freely; and betimes in the morning I</p>
         <p>will beseech the virtuous Desdemona to undertake</p>
         <p>for me: I am desperate of my fortunes if they check me</p>
         <p>here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You are in the right. Good night. lieutenant; I must</p>
         <p>to the watch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Good night, honest Iago.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And what's he then that says I play the villain?</p>
         <p>When this advice is free I give and honest,</p>
         <p>Probal to thinking and indeed the course</p>
         <p>To win the Moor again? For 'tis most easy</p>
         <p>The inclining Desdemona to subdue</p>
         <p>In any honest suit: she's framed as fruitful</p>
         <p>As the free elements. And then for her</p>
         <p>To win the Moor — were't to renounce his baptism,</p>
         <p>All seals and symbols of redeemed sin,</p>
         <p>His soul is so enfettered to her love,</p>
         <p>That she may make, unmake, do what she list,</p>
         <p>Even as her appetite shall play the god</p>
         <p>With his weak function. How am I then a villain</p>
         <p>To counsel Cassio to this parallel course,</p>
         <p>Directly to his good? Divinity of hell!</p>
         <p>When devils will the black'st sins put on,</p>
         <p>They do suggest at first with heavenly shows,</p>
         <p>As I do now: for whiles this honest fool</p>
         <p>Plies Desdemona to repair his fortune</p>
         <p>And she for him pleads strongly to the Moor,</p>
         <p>I'll pour this pestilence into his ear,</p>
         <p>That she repeals him for her body's lust;</p>
         <p>And by how much she strives to do him good,</p>
         <p>She shall undo her credit with the Moor,</p>
         <p>So will I turn her virtue into pitch,</p>
         <p>And out of her own goodness make the net</p>
         <p>That shall enmesh them all. How now, Roderigo!</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter RODERIGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I do follow here in the chase, not like a hound</p>
         <p>that hunts, but one that fills up the cry. My</p>
         <p>money is almost spent; I have been to-night</p>
         <p>exceedingly well cudgelled; and I think the issue</p>
         <p>will be, I shall have so much experience for my</p>
         <p>pains, and so, with no money at all and a little more</p>
         <p>wit, return again to Venice.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>How poor are they that have not patience!</p>
         <p>What wound did ever heal but by degrees?</p>
         <p>Thou know'st we work by wit, and not by witchcraft;</p>
         <p>And wit depends on dilatory time.</p>
         <p>Does't not go well? Cassio hath beaten thee,</p>
         <p>And thou, by that small hurt, hast cashiered Cassio:</p>
         <p>Though other things grow fair against the sun,</p>
         <p>Yet fruits that blossom first will first be ripe:</p>
         <p>Content thyself awhile. By the mass, 'tis morning;</p>
         <p>Pleasure and action make the hours seem short.</p>
         <p>Retire thee; go where thou art billeted:</p>
         <p>Away, I say; thou shalt know more hereafter:</p>
         <p>Nay, get thee gone. Two things are to be done:</p>
         <p>My wife must move for Cassio to her mistress;</p>
         <p>I'll set her on;</p>
         <p>Myself awhile to draw the Moor apart,</p>
         <p>And bring him jump when he may Cassio find</p>
         <p>Soliciting his wife: ay, that's the way:</p>
         <p>Dull not device by coldness and delay.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Roderigo.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Before the Castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter CASSIO and some Musicians.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Masters, play here; I will content your pains;</p>
         <p>Something that's brief; and bid “ Good morrow, general.”</p>
         <p class="stage">Music. </p>
         <p class="stage">Enter Clown.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>Why, masters, have your instruments been in Naples,</p>
         <p>that they speak i' the nose thus?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Musician</h3>
         <p>How, sir, how!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>Are these, I pray you, wind instruments?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Musician</h3>
         <p>Ay, marry, are they, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>O, thereby hangs a tail.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Musician</h3>
         <p>Whereby hangs a tale, sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>Marry, sir, by many a wind instrument that I</p>
         <p>know. But, masters, here's money for you: and</p>
         <p>the general so likes your music, that he desires you,</p>
         <p>for love's sake, to make no more noise with it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Musician</h3>
         <p>Well, sir, we will not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>If you have any music that may not be heard, to't</p>
         <p>again: but, as they say, to hear music the general</p>
         <p>does not greatly care.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">First Musician</h3>
         <p>We have none such, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>Then put up your pipes in your bag, for I'll away: go;</p>
         <p>vanish into air; away!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Dost thou hear, mine honest friend?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>No, I hear not your honest friend; I hear you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Prithee, keep up thy quillets. There's a poor</p>
         <p>piece of gold for thee: if the gentlewoman that</p>
         <p>attends the general's wife be stirring, tell her</p>
         <p>there's one Cassio entreats her a little favour of</p>
         <p>speech: wilt thou do this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>She is stirring, sir: if she will stir hither, I shall</p>
         <p>seem to notify unto her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Do, good my friend. In happy time, Iago,</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Clown.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter IAGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You have not been a-bed, then?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Why, no; the day had broke</p>
         <p>Before we parted. I have made bold, Iago,</p>
         <p>To send in to your wife: my suit to her</p>
         <p>Is, that she will to virtuous Desdemona</p>
         <p>Procure me some access.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I'll send her to you presently;</p>
         <p>And I'll devise a mean to draw the Moor</p>
         <p>Out of the way, that your converse and business</p>
         <p>May be more free.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I humbly thank you for't.</p>
         <p>I never knew a Florentine more kind and honest.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Iago.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter EMILIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Good morrow, good lieutenant: I am sorry</p>
         <p>For your displeasure; but all will sure be well.</p>
         <p>The general and his wife are talking of it;</p>
         <p>And she speaks for you stoutly: the Moor replies,</p>
         <p>That he you hurt is of great fame in Cyprus</p>
         <p>And great affinity and that in wholesome wisdom</p>
         <p>He might not but refuse you, but he protests he loves you</p>
         <p>And needs no other suitor but his likings</p>
         <p>To take the safest occasion by the front</p>
         <p>To bring you in again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Yet, I beseech you,</p>
         <p>If you think fit, or that it may be done,</p>
         <p>Give me advantage of some brief discourse</p>
         <p>With Desdemon alone.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Pray you, come in:</p>
         <p>I will bestow you where you shall have time</p>
         <p>To speak your bosom freely.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I am much bound to you.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO, IAGO, and Gentlemen.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>These letters give, Iago, to the pilot;</p>
         <p>And by him do my duties to the senate:</p>
         <p>That done, I will be walking on the works;</p>
         <p>Repair there to me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Well, my good lord, I'll do't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>This fortification, gentlemen, shall we see't?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gentlemen</h3>
         <p>We'll wait upon your lordship.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">The garden of the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter DESDEMONA, CASSIO, and EMILIA.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Be thou assured, good Cassio, I will do</p>
         <p>All my abilities in thy behalf.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Good madam, do: I warrant it grieves my husband,</p>
         <p>As if the cause were his.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O, that's an honest fellow. Do not doubt, Cassio,</p>
         <p>But I will have my lord and you again</p>
         <p>As friendly as you were.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Bounteous madam,</p>
         <p>What ever shall become of Michael Cassio,</p>
         <p>He's never any thing but your true servant.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I know't; I thank you. You do love my lord:</p>
         <p>You have known him long; and be you well assured</p>
         <p>He shall in strangeness stand no further off</p>
         <p>Than in a politic distance.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Ay, but, lady,</p>
         <p>That policy may either last so long,</p>
         <p>Or feed upon such nice and waterish diet,</p>
         <p>Or breed itself so out of circumstances,</p>
         <p>That, I being absent and my place supplied,</p>
         <p>My general will forget my love and service.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Do not doubt that; before Emilia here</p>
         <p>I give thee warrant of thy place: assure thee,</p>
         <p>If I do vow a friendship, I'll perform it</p>
         <p>To the last article: my lord shall never rest;</p>
         <p>I'll watch him tame and talk him out of patience;</p>
         <p>His bed shall seem a school, his board a shrift;</p>
         <p>I'll intermingle every thing he does</p>
         <p>With Cassio's suit: therefore be merry, Cassio;</p>
         <p>For thy solicitor shall rather die</p>
         <p>Than give thy cause away.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Madam, here comes my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Madam, I'll take my leave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why, stay, and hear me speak.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Madam, not now: I am very ill at ease,</p>
         <p>Unfit for mine own purposes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Well, do your discretion.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Cassio.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO and IAGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Ha! I like not that.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What dost thou say?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Nothing, my lord: or if — I know not what.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Was not that Cassio parted from my wife?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Cassio, my lord! No, sure, I cannot think it,</p>
         <p>That he would steal away so guilty-like,</p>
         <p>Seeing your coming.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I do believe 'twas he.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>How now, my lord!</p>
         <p>I have been talking with a suitor here,</p>
         <p>A man that languishes in your displeasure.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Who is't you mean?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why, your lieutenant, Cassio. Good my lord,</p>
         <p>If I have any grace or power to move you,</p>
         <p>His present reconciliation take;</p>
         <p>For if he be not one that truly loves you,</p>
         <p>That errs in ignorance and not in cunning,</p>
         <p>I have no judgement in an honest face:</p>
         <p>I prithee, call him back.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Went he hence now?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Yes, faith; so humbled</p>
         <p>That he hath left part of his grief with me,</p>
         <p>To suffer with him. Good love, call him back.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Not now, sweet Desdemon; some other time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>But shall't be shortly?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>The sooner, sweet, for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Shall't be to-night at supper?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>No, not to-night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>To-morrow dinner, then?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I shall not dine at home;</p>
         <p>I meet the captains at the citadel.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why, then, to-morrow night; or Tuesday morn;</p>
         <p>On Tuesday noon, or night; on Wednesday morn:</p>
         <p>I prithee, name the time, but let it not</p>
         <p>Exceed three days: in faith, he's penitent;</p>
         <p>And yet his trespass, in our common reason —</p>
         <p>Save that, they say, the wars must make example</p>
         <p>Out of her best — is not almost a fault</p>
         <p>To incur a private check. When shall he come?</p>
         <p>Tell me, Othello: I wonder in my soul,</p>
         <p>What you would ask me, that I should deny,</p>
         <p>Or stand so mammering on. What! Michael Cassio,</p>
         <p>That came a-wooing with you, and so many a time,</p>
         <p>When I have spoke of you dispraisingly,</p>
         <p>Hath ta'en your part; to have so much to do</p>
         <p>To bring him in! By'r lady, I could do much, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Prithee, no more: let him come when he will;</p>
         <p>I will deny thee nothing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why, this is not a boon;</p>
         <p>'Tis as I should entreat you wear your gloves,</p>
         <p>Or feed on nourishing dishes, or keep you warm,</p>
         <p>Or sue to you to do a peculiar profit</p>
         <p>To your own person: nay, when I have a suit</p>
         <p>Wherein I mean to touch your love indeed,</p>
         <p>It shall be full of poise and difficult weight</p>
         <p>And fearful to be granted.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I will deny thee nothing:</p>
         <p>Whereon, I do beseech thee, grant me this,</p>
         <p>To leave me but a little to myself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Shall I deny you? no: farewell, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Farewell, my Desdemona: I'll come to thee straight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Emilia, come. Be as your fancies teach you;</p>
         <p>What e'er you be, I am obedient.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Desdemona and Emilia.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="18">I am not sure if this is a self-insult or something that is directed at his frustration
            with Desdemona for creating a sense of conflict within him, but I tagged it as self
            because of the lines that follow Excellent wretch! Perdition catch my soul,</p>
         <p>But I do love thee! and when I love thee not,</p>
         <p>Chaos is come again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My noble lord, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What dost thou say, Iago?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Did Michael Cassio, when you wooed my lady,</p>
         <p>Know of your love?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>He did, from first to last: why dost thou ask?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>But for a satisfaction of my thought;</p>
         <p>No further harm.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Why of thy thought, Iago?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I did not think he had been acquainted with her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O, yes; and went between us very oft.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Indeed!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Indeed! ay, indeed: discern'st thou aught in that?</p>
         <p>Is he not honest?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Honest, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Honest! ay, honest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My lord, for aught I know.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What dost thou think?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Think, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Think my lord! By heaven, thou echo'st me,</p>
         <p>As if there were some monster in thy thought</p>
         <p>Too hideous to be shown. Thou dost mean something:</p>
         <p>I heard thee say even now, thou likedst not that,</p>
         <p>When Cassio left my wife: what didst not like?</p>
         <p>And when I told thee he was of my counsel</p>
         <p>In my whole course of wooing, thou criedst “ Indeed!”</p>
         <p>And didst contract and purse thy brow together,</p>
         <p>As if thou then hadst shut up in thy brain</p>
         <p>Some horrible conceit: if thou dost love me,</p>
         <p>Show me thy thought.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My lord, you know I love you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I think thou dost;</p>
         <p>And, for I know thou'rt full of love and honesty,</p>
         <p>And weigh'st thy words before thou givest them breath,</p>
         <p>Therefore these stops of thine fright me the more:</p>
         <p>For such things in a false disloyal knave</p>
         <p>Are tricks of custom, but in a man that's just</p>
         <p>They're close dilations, working from the heart</p>
         <p>That passion cannot rule.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>For Michael Cassio</p>
         <p>I dare be sworn I think that he is honest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I think so too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Men should be what they seem;</p>
         <p>Or those that be not, would they might seem none!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Certain, men should be what they seem.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, then, I think Cassio's an honest man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Nay, yet there's more in this:</p>
         <p>I prithee, speak to me as to thy thinkings,</p>
         <p>As thou dost ruminate, and give thy worst of thoughts</p>
         <p>The worst of words.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Good my lord, pardon me:</p>
         <p>Though I am bound to every act of duty,</p>
         <p>I am not bound to that all slaves are free to.</p>
         <p>Utter my thoughts? Why, say they are vile and false;</p>
         <p>As where's that palace whereinto foul things</p>
         <p>Sometimes intrude not? who has that breast so pure,</p>
         <p>But some uncleanly apprehensions</p>
         <p>Keep leets and law-days and in sessions sit</p>
         <p>With meditations lawful?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Thou dost conspire against thy friend, Iago,</p>
         <p>If thou but think'st him wronged and makest his ear</p>
         <p>A stranger to thy thoughts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I do beseech you —</p>
         <p>Though I perchance am vicious in my guess,</p>
         <p>As, I confess, it is my nature's plague</p>
         <p>To spy into abuses, and oft my jealousy</p>
         <p>Shapes faults that are not — that your wisdom then,</p>
         <p>From one that so imperfectly conjects,</p>
         <p>Would take no notice, nor build yourself a trouble</p>
         <p>Out of his scattering and unsure observance.</p>
         <p>It were not for your quiet nor your good,</p>
         <p>Nor for my manhood, honesty, and wisdom</p>
         <p>To let you know my thoughts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>'Zounds! What dost thou mean?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Good name in man and woman, dear my lord,</p>
         <p>Is the immediate jewel of their souls:</p>
         <p>Who steals my purse steals trash; 'tis something, nothing;</p>
         <p>'Twas mine, 'tis his, and has been slave to thousands;</p>
         <p>But he that filches from me my good name</p>
         <p>Robs me of that which not enriches him</p>
         <p>And makes me poor indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>By heaven, I'll know thy thoughts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You cannot, if my heart were in your hand;</p>
         <p>Nor shall not, whilst 'tis in my custody.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ha!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O, beware, my lord, of jealousy;</p>
         <p>It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock</p>
         <p>The meat it feeds on: that cuckold lives in bliss</p>
         <p>Who, certain of his fate, loves not his wronger;</p>
         <p>But, O, what damned minutes tells he o'er</p>
         <p>Who dotes, yet doubts, suspects, yet strongly loves!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O misery!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Poor and content is rich and rich enough,</p>
         <p>But riches fineless is as poor as winter</p>
         <p>To him that ever fears he shall be poor.</p>
         <p>Good God, the souls of all my tribe defend</p>
         <p>From jealousy!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Why, why is this?</p>
         <p>Think'st thou I'ld make a life of jealousy,</p>
         <p>To follow still the changes of the moon</p>
         <p>With fresh suspicions? No; to be once in doubt</p>
         <p>Is once to be resolved: exchange me for a goat,</p>
         <p>When I shall turn the business of my soul</p>
         <p>To such exsufflicate and blown surmises,</p>
         <p>Matching thy inference. 'Tis not to make me jealous</p>
         <p>To say my wife is fair, — feeds well, loves company,</p>
         <p>Is free of speech, sings, plays and dances well;</p>
         <p>Where virtue is, these are more virtuous:</p>
         <p>Nor from mine own weak merits will I draw</p>
         <p>The smallest fear or doubt of her revolt;</p>
         <p>For she had eyes, and chose me. No, Iago;</p>
         <p>I'll see before I doubt; when I doubt, prove;</p>
         <p>And on the proof, there is no more but this, —</p>
         <p>Away at once with love or jealousy!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I am glad of this; for now I shall have reason</p>
         <p>To show the love and duty that I bear you</p>
         <p>With franker spirit: therefore, as I am bound,</p>
         <p>Receive it from me. I speak not yet of proof.</p>
         <p>Look to your wife; observe her well with Cassio;</p>
         <p>Wear your eyes thus, not jealous nor secure:</p>
         <p>I would not have your free and noble nature,</p>
         <p>Out of self-bounty, be abused; look to't:</p>
         <p>I know our country disposition well;</p>
         <p>In Venice they do let God see the pranks</p>
         <p>They dare not show their husbands; their best conscience</p>
         <p>Is not to leave't undone, but keep't unknown.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Dost thou say so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>She did deceive her father, marrying you;</p>
         <p>And when she seemed to shake and fear your looks,</p>
         <p>She loved them most.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>And so she did.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, go to then;</p>
         <p>She that, so young, could give out such a seeming,</p>
         <p>To seel her father's eyes up close as oak —</p>
         <p>He thought 'twas witchcraft — but I am much to blame;</p>
         <p>I humbly do beseech you of your pardon</p>
         <p>For too much loving you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I am bound to thee for ever.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I see this hath a little dashed your spirits.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Not a jot, not a jot.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I' faith, I fear it has.</p>
         <p>I hope you will consider what is spoke</p>
         <p>Comes from my love. But I do see y' are moved:</p>
         <p>I am to pray you not to strain my speech</p>
         <p>To grosser issues nor to larger reach</p>
         <p>Than to suspicion.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I will not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Should you do so, my lord,</p>
         <p>My speech should fall into such vile success</p>
         <p>Which my thoughts aimed not. Cassio's my worthy friend —</p>
         <p>My lord, I see y' are moved.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>No, not much moved:</p>
         <p>I do not think but Desdemona's honest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Long live she so! and long live you to think so!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>And yet, how nature erring, from itself, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Ay, there's the point: as — to be bold with you —</p>
         <p>Not to affect many proposed matches</p>
         <p>Of her own clime, complexion, and degree,</p>
         <p>Whereto we see in all things nature tends —</p>
         <p>Foh! one may smell in such a will most rank,</p>
         <p>Foul disproportions, thoughts unnatural.</p>
         <p>But pardon me; I do not in position</p>
         <p>Distinctly speak of her; though I may fear</p>
         <p>Her will, recoiling to her better judgement,</p>
         <p>May fall to match you with her country forms</p>
         <p>And happily repent.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Farewell, farewell:</p>
         <p>If more thou dost perceive, let me know more;</p>
         <p>Set on thy wife to observe: leave me, Iago.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My lord, I take my leave.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Why did I marry? This honest creature doubtless</p>
         <p>Sees and knows more, much more, than he unfolds.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My lord, I would I might entreat your honour</p>
         <p>To scan this thing no further; leave it to time:</p>
         <p>Although 'tis fit that Cassio have his place,</p>
         <p>For, sure, he fills it up with great ability,</p>
         <p>Yet, if you please to hold him off awhile,</p>
         <p>You shall by that perceive him and his means:</p>
         <p>Note, if your lady strain his entertainment</p>
         <p>With any strong or vehement importunity;</p>
         <p>Much will be seen in that. In the meantime,</p>
         <p>Let me be thought too busy in my fears —</p>
         <p>As worthy cause I have to fear I am —</p>
         <p>And hold her free, I do beseech your honour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Fear not my government.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I once more take my leave.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>This fellow's of exceeding honesty,</p>
         <p>And knows all qualities, with a learned spirit,</p>
         <p>Of human dealings. If I do prove her haggard,</p>
         <p>Though that her jesses — were my dear heartstrings,</p>
         <p>I'ld whistle her off and let her down the wind,</p>
         <p>To prey at fortune. Haply, for I am black</p>
         <p>And have not those soft parts of conversation</p>
         <p>That chamberers have, or for I am declined</p>
         <p>Into the vale of years, — yet that's not much —</p>
         <p>She's gone. I am abused; and my relief</p>
         <p>Must be to loathe her. O curse of marriage,</p>
         <p>That we can call these delicate creatures ours,</p>
         <p>And not their appetites! I had rather be a toad,</p>
         <p>And live upon the vapour of a dungeon,</p>
         <p>Than keep a corner in the thing I love</p>
         <p>For others' uses. Yet, 'tis the plague of great ones;</p>
         <p>Prerogatived are they less than the base;</p>
         <p>'Tis destiny unshunnable, like death:</p>
         <p>Even then this forked plague is fated to us</p>
         <p>When we do quicken. Look where she comes.</p>
         <p>If she be false, O, then heaven mocks itself!</p>
         <p>I'll not believe't.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter DESDEMONA and EMILIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>How now, my dear Othello!</p>
         <p>Your dinner, and the generous islanders</p>
         <p>By you invited, do attend your presence.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I am to blame.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why do you speak so faintly?</p>
         <p>Are you not well?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I have a pain upon my forehead here.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>'Faith, that's with watching; 'twill away again:</p>
         <p>Let me but bind it hard, within this hour</p>
         <p>It will be well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Your napkin is too little:</p>
         <p>Let it alone. Come, I'll go in with you.</p>
         <p class="stage">He puts the handkerchief from him; and it drops.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I am very sorry that you are not well.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Othello and Desdemona.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I am glad I have found this napkin:</p>
         <p>This was her first remembrance from the Moor:</p>
         <p>My wayward husband hath a hundred times</p>
         <p>wooed me to steal it; but she so loves the token,</p>
         <p>For he conjured her she should ever keep it,</p>
         <p>That she reserves it evermore about her</p>
         <p>To kiss and talk to. I'll have the work ta'en out,</p>
         <p>And give't Iago: what he will do with it</p>
         <p>Heaven knows, not I;</p>
         <p>I nothing but to please his fantasy.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter IAGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>How now! what do you here alone?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Do not you chide; I have a thing for you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You have a thing for me? it is a common thing —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Ha!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="19">This one starts before this, but he gets cut off by his wife, so go a little before
            this perhaps in inclusion? To have a foolish wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O, is that all? What will you give me now</p>
         <p>For that same handkerchief?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What handkerchief?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>What handkerchief!</p>
         <p>Why, that the Moor first gave to Desdemona;</p>
         <p>That which so often you did bid me steal.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Hast stol'n it from her?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>No, 'faith; she let it drop by negligence,</p>
         <p>And, to the advantage, I, being here, took't up.</p>
         <p>Look, here 'tis.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>A good wench; give it me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>What will you do with't, that you have been so earnest</p>
         <p>To have me filch it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, what is that to you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>If it be not for some purpose of import,</p>
         <p>Give't me again: poor lady, she'll run mad</p>
         <p>When she shall lack it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Be not acknown on't; I have use for it.</p>
         <p>Go, leave me.</p>
         <p>I will in Cassio's lodging lose this napkin,</p>
         <p>And let him find it. Trifles light as air</p>
         <p>Are to the jealous confirmations strong</p>
         <p>As proofs of holy writ: this may do something.</p>
         <p>The Moor already changes with my poison:</p>
         <p>Dangerous conceits are, in their natures, poisons,</p>
         <p>Which at the first are scarce found to distaste,</p>
         <p>But with a little act upon the blood,</p>
         <p>Burn like the mines of sulphur. I did say so:</p>
         <p>Look, where he comes! Not poppy, nor mandragora,</p>
         <p>Nor all the drowsy syrups of the world,</p>
         <p>Shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep</p>
         <p>Which thou owedst yesterday.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Emilia. </p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter OTHELLO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ha! ha! false to me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, how now, general! no more of that.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Avaunt! be gone! thou hast set me on the rack:</p>
         <p>I swear 'tis better to be much abused</p>
         <p>Than but to know't a little.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>How now, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What sense had I in her stol'n hours of lust?</p>
         <p>I saw't not, thought it not, it harmed not me:</p>
         <p>I slept the next night well, fed well, was free and merry;</p>
         <p>I found not Cassio's kisses on her lips:</p>
         <p>He that is robbed, not wanting what is stol'n,</p>
         <p>Let him not know't, and he's not robbed at all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I am sorry to hear this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I had been happy, if the general camp,</p>
         <p>Pioners and all, had tasted her sweet body,</p>
         <p>So I had nothing known. O, now, for ever</p>
         <p>Farewell the tranquil mind! farewell content!</p>
         <p>Farewell the plumed troops, and the big wars,</p>
         <p>That makes ambition virtue! O, farewell!</p>
         <p>Farewell the neighing steed, and the shrill trump,</p>
         <p>The spirit-stirring drum, the ear-piercing fife,</p>
         <p>The royal banner, and all quality,</p>
         <p>Pride, pomp and circumstance of glorious war!</p>
         <p>And, O you mortal engines, whose rude throats</p>
         <p>The immortal Jove's dread clamours counterfeit,</p>
         <p>Farewell! Othello's occupation's gone!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Is't possible, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="20">Villain, be sure thou prove my love a whore,</p>
         <p>Be sure of it; give me the ocular proof;</p>
         <p>Or, by the worth of mine eternal soul,</p>
         <p>Thou hadst been better have been born a dog</p>
         <p>Than answer my waked wrath!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Is't come to this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Make me to see't; or, at the least, so prove it,</p>
         <p>That the probation bear no hinge nor loop</p>
         <p>To hang a doubt on; or woe upon thy life!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My noble lord, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>If thou dost slander her and torture me,</p>
         <p>Never pray more; abandon all remorse;</p>
         <p>On horror's head horrors accumulate;</p>
         <p>Do deeds to make heaven weep, all earth amazed;</p>
         <p>For nothing canst thou to damnation add</p>
         <p>Greater than that.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O grace! O heaven forgive me!</p>
         <p>Are you a man? have you a soul or sense?</p>
         <p>God buy you; take mine office. O wretched fool,</p>
         <p>That lovest to make thine honesty a vice!</p>
         <p>O monstrous world! Take note, take note, O world,</p>
         <p>To be direct and honest is not safe.</p>
         <p>I thank you for this profit; and from hence</p>
         <p>I'll love no friend, sith love breeds such offence.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Nay, stay: thou shouldst be honest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I should be wise, for honesty's a fool</p>
         <p>And loses that it works for.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>By the world,</p>
         <p>I think my wife be honest and think she is not;</p>
         <p>I think that thou art just and think thou art not.</p>
         <p>I'll have some proof. Her name, that was as fresh</p>
         <p>As Dian's visage, is now begrimed and black</p>
         <p>As mine own face. If there be cords, or knives,</p>
         <p>Poison, or fire, or suffocating streams,</p>
         <p>I'll not endure it. Would I were satisfied!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I see, sir, you are eaten up with passion:</p>
         <p>I do repent me that I put it to you.</p>
         <p>You would be satisfied?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Would! nay, and I will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And may: but, how? how satisfied, my lord?</p>
         <p>Would you, the supervisor, grossly gape on —</p>
         <p>Behold her topped?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Death and damnation! O!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>It were a tedious difficulty, I think,</p>
         <p>To bring them to that prospect: damn them then,</p>
         <p>If ever mortal eyes do see them bolster</p>
         <p>More than their own! What then? how then?</p>
         <p>What shall I say? Where's satisfaction?</p>
         <p>It is impossible you should see this,</p>
         <p>Were they as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys,</p>
         <p>As salt as wolves in pride, and fools as gross</p>
         <p>As ignorance made drunk. But yet, I say,</p>
         <p>If imputation and strong circumstances,</p>
         <p>Which lead directly to the door of truth,</p>
         <p>Will give you satisfaction, you might have't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Give me a living reason she's disloyal.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I do not like the office:</p>
         <p>But, sith, I am entered in this cause so far,</p>
         <p>Pricked to't by foolish honesty and love,</p>
         <p>I will go on. I lay with Cassio lately;</p>
         <p>And, being troubled with a raging tooth,</p>
         <p>I could not sleep.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="21">There are a kind of men so loose of soul,</p>
         <p>That in their sleeps will mutter their affairs:</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="22">One of this kind is Cassio:</p>
         <p>In sleep I heard him say “ Sweet Desdemona,</p>
         <p>Let us be wary, let us hide our loves;</p>
         <p>And then, sir, would he gripe and wring my hand,</p>
         <p>Cry “ O sweet creature!” then kiss me hard,</p>
         <p>As if he plucked up kisses by the roots</p>
         <p>That grew upon my lips; then laid his leg</p>
         <p>Over my thigh, and sighed, and kissed; and then</p>
         <p>Cried “ Cursed fate that gave thee to the Moor!”</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O monstrous! monstrous!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Nay, this was but his dream.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>But this denoted a forgone conclusion:</p>
         <p>'Tis a shrewd doubt, though it be but a dream.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And this may help to thicken other proofs</p>
         <p>That do demonstrate thinly.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I'll tear her all to pieces.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Nay, yet be wise: yet we see nothing done;</p>
         <p>She may be honest yet. Tell me but this,</p>
         <p>Have you not sometimes seen a handkerchief</p>
         <p>Spotted with strawberries in your wife's hand?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I gave her such a one; 'twas my first gift.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I know not that: but such a handkerchief —</p>
         <p>I am sure it was your wife's — did I to-day</p>
         <p>See Cassio wipe his beard with.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>If it be that, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>If it be that, or any that was hers,</p>
         <p>It speaks against her with the other proofs.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O, that the slave had forty thousand lives!</p>
         <p>One is too poor, too weak for my revenge.</p>
         <p>Now do I see 'tis true. Look here, Iago;</p>
         <p>All my fond love thus do I blow to heaven.</p>
         <p>'Tis gone.</p>
         <p>Arise, black vengeance, from the hollow hell</p>
         <p>Yield up, O love, thy crown and hearted throne</p>
         <p>To tyrannous hate! Swell, bosom, with thy fraught,</p>
         <p>For 'tis of aspics' tongues!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Yet be content.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O, blood, blood, blood!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Patience, I say, your mind perhaps may change.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Never, Iago. Like to the Pontic sea,</p>
         <p>Whose icy current and compulsive course</p>
         <p>Ne'er feels retiring ebb, but keeps due on</p>
         <p>To the Propontic and the Hellespont,</p>
         <p>Even so my bloody thoughts, with violent pace,</p>
         <p>Shall ne'er look back, ne'er ebb to humble love,</p>
         <p>Till that a capable and wide revenge</p>
         <p>Swallow them up. Now, by yond marble heaven,</p>
         <p>In the due reverence of a sacred vow</p>
         <p>I here engage my words.</p>
         <p class="stage">Kneels</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Do not rise yet.</p>
         <p>Witness, you ever-burning lights above,</p>
         <p>You elements that clip us round about,</p>
         <p>Witness that here Iago doth give up</p>
         <p>The execution of his wit, hands, heart,</p>
         <p>To wronged Othello's service! Let him command,</p>
         <p>And to obey shall be in me remorse,</p>
         <p>What bloody business ever.</p>
         <p class="stage">Kneels</p>
         <p class="stage">They rise.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I greet thy love,</p>
         <p>Not with vain thanks, but with acceptance bounteous,</p>
         <p>And will upon the instant put thee to't:</p>
         <p>Within these three days let me hear thee say</p>
         <p>That Cassio's not alive.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My friend is dead; 'tis done at your request:</p>
         <p>But let her live.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="22">Damn her, lewd minx! O, damn her, damn her!</p>
         <p>Come, go with me apart; I will withdraw,</p>
         <p>To furnish me with some swift means of death</p>
         <p>For the fair devil. Now art thou my lieutenant.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I am your own for ever.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 3, Scene 4</h2>
      <p class="stage">Before the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter DESDEMONA, EMILIA, and Clown.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Do you know, sirrah, where Lieutenant Cassio lies?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>I dare not say he lies any where.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why, man?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>He's a soldier, and for me to say a soldier lies, 'tis</p>
         <p>stabbing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Go to: where lodges he?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>To tell you where he lodges, is to tell you where I</p>
         <p>lie.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Can any thing be made of this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>I know not where he lodges, and for me to devise</p>
         <p>a lodging and say he lies here or he lies there, were</p>
         <p>to lie in mine own throat.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Can you inquire him out, and be edified by report?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>I will catechize the world for him; that is, make</p>
         <p>questions, and by them answer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Seek him, bid him come hither: tell him I have</p>
         <p>moved my lord on his behalf, and hope all will be</p>
         <p>well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Clown</h3>
         <p>To do this is within the compass of man's wit; and</p>
         <p>therefore I will attempt the doing it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Where should I lose the handkerchief, Emilia?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I know not, madam.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Believe me, I had rather have lost my purse</p>
         <p>Full of crusadoes: and, but my noble Moor</p>
         <p>Is true of mind and made of no such baseness</p>
         <p>As jealous creatures are, it were enough</p>
         <p>To put him to ill thinking.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Is he not jealous?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Who, he? I think the sun where he was born</p>
         <p>Drew all such humours from him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Look, where he comes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I will not leave him now till Cassio</p>
         <p>Be called to him. How is't with you, my lord?</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Well, my good lady.</p>
         <p>O, hardness to dissemble! —</p>
         <p>How do you, Desdemona?</p>
         <p class="stage">Aside</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Well, my good lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Give me your hand: this hand is moist, my lady.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>It yet hath felt no age nor known no sorrow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>This argues fruitfulness and liberal heart:</p>
         <p>Hot, hot, and moist: this hand of yours requires</p>
         <p>A sequester from liberty, fasting and prayer,</p>
         <p>Much castigation, exercise devout;</p>
         <p>For here's a young and sweating devil here,</p>
         <p>That commonly rebels. 'Tis a good hand,</p>
         <p>A frank one.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>You may, indeed, say so;</p>
         <p>For 'twas that hand that gave away my heart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>A liberal hand: the hearts of old gave hands;</p>
         <p>But our new heraldry is hands, not hearts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I cannot speak of this. Come now, your promise.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What promise, chuck?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I have sent to bid Cassio come speak with you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I have a salt and sorry rheum offends me;</p>
         <p>Lend me thy handkerchief.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Here, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That which I gave you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I have it not about me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Not?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>No, indeed, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That's a fault. That handkerchief</p>
         <p>Did an Egyptian to my mother give;</p>
         <p>She was a charmer, and could almost read</p>
         <p>The thoughts of people: she told her, while she kept it,</p>
         <p>'Twould make her amiable and subdue my father</p>
         <p>Entirely to her love, but if she lost it</p>
         <p>Or made a gift of it, my father's eye</p>
         <p>Should hold her loathed and his spirits should hunt</p>
         <p>After new fancies: she, dying, gave it me;</p>
         <p>And bid me, when my fate would have me wived,</p>
         <p>To give it her. I did so: and take heed on't;</p>
         <p>Make it a darling like your precious eye;</p>
         <p>To lose't or give't away were such perdition</p>
         <p>As nothing else could match.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Is't possible?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>'Tis true: there's magic in the web of it:</p>
         <p>A sibyl, that had numbered in the world</p>
         <p>The sun to course two hundred compasses,</p>
         <p>In her prophetic fury sewed the work;</p>
         <p>The worms were hallowed that did breed the silk;</p>
         <p>And it was dyed in mummy which the skilful</p>
         <p>Conserved of maidens' hearts.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I' faith! is't true?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Most veritable; therefore look to't well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Then would to God that I had never seen't!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ha! wherefore?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why do you speak so startingly and rash?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Is't lost? is't gone? speak, is't out o' the way?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Heaven bless us!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Say you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>It is not lost; but what an if it were?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>How!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I say, it is not lost.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Fetch't, let me see't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why, so I can, sir, but I will not now.</p>
         <p>This is a trick to put me from my suit:</p>
         <p>Pray you, let Cassio be received again.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Fetch me the handkerchief: my mind misgives.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Come, come;</p>
         <p>You'll never meet a more sufficient man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>The handkerchief!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I pray, talk me of Cassio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>The handkerchief!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>A man that all his time</p>
         <p>Hath founded his good fortunes on your love,</p>
         <p>Shared dangers with you, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>The handkerchief!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I' faith, you are to blame.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>'Zounds!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Is not this man jealous?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I ne'er saw this before.</p>
         <p>Sure, there's some wonder in this handkerchief:</p>
         <p>I am most unhappy in the loss of it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>'Tis not a year or two shows us a man:</p>
         <p>They are all but stomachs, and we all but food;</p>
         <p>They eat us hungerly, and when they are full,</p>
         <p>They belch us. Look you, Cassio and my husband!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter CAsslo and IAGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>There is no other way; 'tis she must do't:</p>
         <p>And, lo, the happiness! Go, and importune her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>How now, good Cassio! what's the news with you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Madam, my former suit: I do beseech you</p>
         <p>That by your virtuous means I may again</p>
         <p>Exist, and be a member of his love</p>
         <p>Whom I with all the office of my heart</p>
         <p>Entirely honour: I would not be delayed.</p>
         <p>If my offence be of such mortal kind</p>
         <p>That nor my service past, nor present sorrows,</p>
         <p>Nor purposed merit in futurity,</p>
         <p>Can ransom me into his love again,</p>
         <p>But to know so must be my benefit;</p>
         <p>So shall I clothe me in a forced content,</p>
         <p>And shut myself up in some other course,</p>
         <p>To fortune's alms.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas, thrice-gentle Cassio!</p>
         <p>My advocation is not now in tune;</p>
         <p>My lord is not my lord; nor should I know him,</p>
         <p>Were he in favour as in humour altered.</p>
         <p>So help me every spirit sanctified,</p>
         <p>As I have spoken for you all my best</p>
         <p>And stood within the blank of his displeasure</p>
         <p>For my free speech! you must awhile be patient:</p>
         <p>What I can do I will; and more I will</p>
         <p>Than for myself I dare: let that suffice you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Is my lord angry?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>He went hence but now,</p>
         <p>And certainly in strange unquietness.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Can he be angry? I have seen the cannon,</p>
         <p>When it hath blown his ranks into the air,</p>
         <p>And, like the devil, from his very arm</p>
         <p>Puffed his own brother: — and is he angry?</p>
         <p>Something of moment then: I will go meet him:</p>
         <p>There's matter in't indeed, if he be angry.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I prithee, do so. Something, sure, of state,</p>
         <p>Either from Venice, or some unhatched practice</p>
         <p>Made demonstrable here in Cyprus to him,</p>
         <p>Hath puddled his clear spirit; and in such cases</p>
         <p>Men's natures wrangle with inferior things,</p>
         <p>Though great ones are their object. 'Tis even so;</p>
         <p>For let our finger ache, and it indues</p>
         <p>Our other healthful members even to a sense</p>
         <p>Of pain: nay, we must think men are not gods,</p>
         <p>Nor of them look for such observancy</p>
         <p>As fits the bridal. Beshrew me much. Emilia,</p>
         <p>I was, unhandsome warrior as I am,</p>
         <p>Arraigning his unkindness with my soul;</p>
         <p>But now I find I had suborned the witness,</p>
         <p>And he's indicted falsely.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Iago.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Pray heaven it be state matters, as you think,</p>
         <p>And no conception nor no jealous toy</p>
         <p>Concerning you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas the day! I never gave him cause.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>But jealous souls will not be answered so;</p>
         <p>They are not ever jealous for the cause,</p>
         <p>But jealous for they're jealous: it is a monster</p>
         <p>Begot upon itself, born on itself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Heaven keep the monster from Othello's mind!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Lady, amen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I will go seek him. Cassio, walk hereabout:</p>
         <p>If I do find him fit, I'll move your suit</p>
         <p>And seek to effect it to my uttermost.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I humbly thank your ladyship.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Desdemona and Emilia.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter BIANCA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>Save you, friend Cassio!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>What make you from home?</p>
         <p>How is't with you, my most fair Bianca?</p>
         <p>I'faith, sweet love, I was coming to your house.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>And I was going to your lodging, Cassio.</p>
         <p>What, keep a week away? seven days and nights?</p>
         <p>Eightscore eight hours? and lovers' absent hours,</p>
         <p>More tedious than the dial eightscore times?</p>
         <p>O weary reckoning!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Pardon me, Bianca:</p>
         <p>I have this while with leaden thoughts been pressed;</p>
         <p>But I shall, in a more continuate time,</p>
         <p>Strike off this score of absence. Sweet Bianca,</p>
         <p>Take me this work out.</p>
         <p class="stage">Giving her Desdemona's handkerchief.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>O Cassio, whence came this?</p>
         <p>This is some token from a newer friend:</p>
         <p>To the felt absence now I feel a cause:</p>
         <p>Is't come to this? Well, well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Go to, woman!</p>
         <p>Throw your vile guesses in the devil's teeth,</p>
         <p>From whence you have them. You are jealous now</p>
         <p>That this is from some mistress, some remembrance:</p>
         <p>No, by my faith, Bianca.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>Why, whose is it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I know not neither: I found it in my chamber.</p>
         <p>I like the work well: ere it be demanded —</p>
         <p>As like enough it will — I would have it copied:</p>
         <p>Take it, and do't; and leave me for this time.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>Leave you! wherefore?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I do attend here on the general;</p>
         <p>And think it no addition, nor my wish,</p>
         <p>To have him see me womaned.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>Why, I pray you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Not that I love you not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>But that you do not love me.</p>
         <p>I pray you, bring me on the way a little,</p>
         <p>And say if I shall see you soon at night.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>'Tis but a little way that I can bring you;</p>
         <p>For I attend here: but I'll see you soon.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>'Tis very good; I must be circumstanced.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt. </p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Cyprus. Before the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO and IAGO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Will you think so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Think so, Iago!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What,</p>
         <p>To kiss in private?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>An unauthorized kiss.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Or to be naked with her friend in bed</p>
         <p>An hour or more, not meaning any harm?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Naked in bed, Iago, and not mean harm!</p>
         <p>It is hypocrisy against the devil:</p>
         <p>They that mean virtuously, and yet do so,</p>
         <p>The devil their virtue tempts, and they tempt heaven.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>If they do nothing, 'tis a venial slip:</p>
         <p>But if I give my wife a handkerchief, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What then?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, then, 'tis hers, my lord; and, being hers,</p>
         <p>She may, I think, bestow't on any man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>She is protectress of her honour too:</p>
         <p>May she give that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Her honour is an essence that's not seen;</p>
         <p>They have it very oft that have it not:</p>
         <p>But, for the handkerchief, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>By heaven, I would most gladly have forgot it.</p>
         <p>Thou saidst — O, it comes o'er my memory,</p>
         <p>As doth the raven o'er the infectious house,</p>
         <p>Boding to all — he had my handkerchief.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Ay, what of that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That's not so good now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What,</p>
         <p>If I had said I had seen him do you wrong?</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="24">Or heard him say, — as knaves be such abroad,</p>
         <p>Who having, by their own importunate suit,</p>
         <p>Or voluntary dotage of some mistress,</p>
         <p>Convinced or supplied them, cannot choose</p>
         <p>But they must blab —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Hath he said any thing?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>He hath, my lord; but be you well assured,</p>
         <p>No more than he'll unswear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What hath he said?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Faith, that he did — I know not what he did.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What? what?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Lie —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>With her?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>With her, on her; what you will.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Lie with her! lie on her! We say lie on her, when</p>
         <p>they belie her. Lie with her! 'Zounds, that's</p>
         <p>fulsome. — Handkerchief — confessions — handkerchief! — To</p>
         <p>confess, and be hanged for his labour; — first, to</p>
         <p>be hanged, and then to confess. — I tremble at it.</p>
         <p>Nature would not invest herself in such shadowing</p>
         <p>passion without some instruction. It is not</p>
         <p>words that shakes me thus. Pish! Noses, ears,</p>
         <p>and lips. — Is't possible? — Confess — handkerchief! — O</p>
         <p>devil!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Work on,</p>
         <p>My medicine, work! Thus credulous fools are caught;</p>
         <p>And many worthy and chaste dames even thus,</p>
         <p>All guiltless, meet reproach. What, ho! my lord!</p>
         <p>My lord, I say! Othello! How now, Cassio!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter CASSIO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>What's the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>My lord is fall'n into an epilepsy:</p>
         <p>This is his second fit; he had one yesterday.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Rub him about the temples.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>No, forbear;</p>
         <p>The lethargy must have his quiet course:</p>
         <p>If not, he foams at mouth and by and by</p>
         <p>Breaks out to savage madness. Look, he stirs:</p>
         <p>Do you withdraw yourself a little while,</p>
         <p>He will recover straight: when he is gone,</p>
         <p>I would on great occasion speak with you.</p>
         <p>How is it, general? have you not hurt your head?</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Cassio,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Dost thou mock me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I mock you not, by heaven.</p>
         <p>Would you would bear your fortune like a man!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>A horned man's a monster and a beast.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>There's many a beast then in a populous city,</p>
         <p>And many a civil monster.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Did he confess it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Good sir, be a man;</p>
         <p>Think every bearded fellow that's but yoked</p>
         <p>May draw with you: there's millions now alive</p>
         <p>That nightly lie in those unproper beds</p>
         <p>Which they dare swear peculiar: your case is better.</p>
         <p>O, 'tis the spite of hell, the fiend's arch-mock,</p>
         <p>To lip a wanton in a secure couch,</p>
         <p>And to suppose her chaste! No, let me know;</p>
         <p>And knowing what I am, I know what she shall be.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O, thou art wise; 'tis certain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Stand you awhile apart;</p>
         <p>Confine yourself but in a patient list.</p>
         <p>Whilst you were here o'erwhelmed with your grief —</p>
         <p>A passion most unsuiting such a man —</p>
         <p>Cassio came hither: I shifted him away,</p>
         <p>And laid good 'scuses upon your ecstasy,</p>
         <p>Bade him anon return and here speak with me;</p>
         <p>The which he promised. Do but encave yourself,</p>
         <p>And mark the fleers, the gibes, and notable scorns,</p>
         <p>That dwell in every region of his face;</p>
         <p>For I will make him tell the tale anew,</p>
         <p>Where, how, how oft, how long ago, and when</p>
         <p>He hath, and is again to cope your wife:</p>
         <p>I say, but mark his gesture. Marry, patience;</p>
         <p>Or I shall say you are all in all in spleen,</p>
         <p>And nothing of a man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Dost thou hear, Iago?</p>
         <p>I will be found most cunning in my patience;</p>
         <p>But — dost thou hear? — most bloody.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>That's not amiss;</p>
         <p>But yet keep time in all. Will you withdraw?</p>
         <p>Now will I question Cassio of Bianca,</p>
         <p>A huswife that by selling her desires</p>
         <p>Buys herself bread and clothes: it is a creature</p>
         <p>That dotes on Cassio; as 'tis the strumpet's plague</p>
         <p>To beguile many and be beguiled by one:</p>
         <p>He, when he hears of her, cannot restrain</p>
         <p>From the excess of laughter. Here he comes:</p>
         <p>As he shall smile, Othello shall go mad;</p>
         <p>And his unbookish jealousy must construe</p>
         <p>Poor Cassio's smiles, gestures and light behaviours,</p>
         <p>Quite in the wrong. How do you now, lieutenant?</p>
         <p class="stage">Othello retires.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter CASSIO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>The worser that you give me the addition</p>
         <p>Whose want even kills me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Ply Desdemona well, and you are sure on't.</p>
         <p>Now, if this suit lay in Bianca's power,</p>
         <p>How quickly should you speed!</p>
         <p class="stage">Speaking lower</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="25">Alas, poor caitiff!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Look, how he laughs already!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I never knew woman love man so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Alas, poor rogue! I think, i' faith, she loves me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Now he denies it faintly, and laughs it out.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Do you hear, Cassio?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Now he importunes him</p>
         <p>To tell it o'er: go to; well said, well said.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>She gives it out that you shall marry her:</p>
         <p>Do you intend it?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Ha, ha, ha!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Do you triumph, Roman? do you triumph?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="26">I marry her! what? a customer! Prithee, bear some</p>
         <p>charity to my wit; do not think it so unwholesome. Ha,</p>
         <p>ha, ha!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>So, so, so, so: they laugh that wins.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Faith, the cry goes that you marry her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Prithee, say true.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I am a very villain else.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Have you scored me? Well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>This is the monkey's own giving out: she is</p>
         <p>persuaded I will marry her, out of her own love and</p>
         <p>flattery, not out of my promise.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Iago beckons me; now he begins the story.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>She was here even now; she haunts me in every</p>
         <p>place. I was the other day talking on the sea-bank</p>
         <p>with certain Venetians; and thither comes the</p>
         <p>bauble, and, by this hand, falls me thus about my</p>
         <p>neck —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Crying “ O dear Cassio!” as it were: his gesture</p>
         <p>imports it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>So hangs, and lolls, and weeps upon me; so hales, and</p>
         <p>pulls me: ha, ha, ha!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Now he tells how she plucked him to my chamber.</p>
         <p>O, I see that nose of yours. but not that dog I shall</p>
         <p>throw it to.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Well, I must leave her company.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Before me! look, where she comes.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="27">'Tis such another fitchew! marry, a perfumed one.</p>
         <p>What do you mean by this haunting of me?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="28">Let the devil and his dam haunt you! What did</p>
         <p>you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me</p>
         <p>even now? I was a fine fool to take it. I must</p>
         <p>take out the work? — A likely piece of work, that</p>
         <p>you should find it in your chamber, and know not</p>
         <p>who left it there? This is some minx's token,</p>
         <p>and I must take out the work? There; give it your</p>
         <p>hobby-horse: wheresoever you had it, I'll take out no</p>
         <p>work on't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>How now, my sweet Bianca! how now! how now!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>By heaven, that should be my handkerchief!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>An you'll come to supper to-night, you may; an you</p>
         <p>will not, come when you are next prepared for.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>After her, after her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>'Faith, I must; she'll rail in the streets else.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Will you sup there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>'Faith, I intend so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Well, I may chance to see you; for I would very fain</p>
         <p>speak with you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Prithee, come; will you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Go to; say no more.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>How shall I murder him, Iago?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Did you perceive how he laughed at his vice?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O Iago!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And did you see the handkerchief?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Was that mine?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Yours, by this hand: and to see how he prizes</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="29">the foolish woman your wife! she gave it him, and he</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="30">hath given it his whore.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I would have him nine years a-killing. A fine woman!</p>
         <p>a fair woman! a sweet woman!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Nay, you must forget that.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay, let her rot, and perish, and be damned</p>
         <p>to-night; for she shall not live: no, my heart</p>
         <p>is turned to stone; I strike it, and it hurts my</p>
         <p>hand. O, the world hath not a sweeter creature:</p>
         <p>she might lie by an emperor's side and command him</p>
         <p>tasks.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Nay, that's not your way.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Hang her! I do but say what she is: so delicate</p>
         <p>with her needle: an admirable musician: O! she</p>
         <p>will sing the savageness out of a bear: of so high and</p>
         <p>plenteous wit and invention:</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>She's the worse for all this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O, a thousand, a thousand times: and then, of so</p>
         <p>gentle a condition!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Ay, too gentle.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Nay, that's certain: but yet the pity of it, Iago! O</p>
         <p>Iago, the pity of it, Iago!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>If you are so fond over her iniquity, give her</p>
         <p>patent to offend; for, if it touch not you, it comes</p>
         <p>near nobody.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I will chop her into messes: cuckold me!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O, 'tis foul in her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>With mine officer!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>That's fouler.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Get me some poison, Iago; this night: I'll not</p>
         <p>expostulate with her, lest her body and beauty</p>
         <p>unprovide my mind again: this night, Iago.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Do it not with poison, strangle her in her bed, even</p>
         <p>the bed she hath contaminated.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Good, good: the justice of it pleases: very good.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And for Cassio, let me be his undertaker: you shall</p>
         <p>hear more by midnight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Excellent good. What trumpet is that same?</p>
         <p class="stage">A trumpet within.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I warrant, something from Venice. 'Tis Lodovico</p>
         <p>This comes from the duke: see, your wife's with him.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter LODOViCO, DESDEMONA, and Attendants.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>God save you, worthy general!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>With all my heart, sir,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>The duke and the senators of Venice greet you.</p>
         <p class="stage">Gives him a letter. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I kiss the instrument of their pleasures.</p>
         <p class="stage">Opens letter, and reads. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>And what's the news, good cousin Lodovico?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I am very glad to see you, signior;</p>
         <p>Welcome to Cyprus.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>I thank you. How does Lieutenant Cassio?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Lives, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Cousin, there's fall'n between him and my lord</p>
         <p>An unkind breach: but you shall make all well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Are you sure of that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>“ This fail you not to do, as you will — “</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>He did not call; he's busy in the paper.</p>
         <p>Is there division 'twixt my lord and Cassio?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>A most unhappy one: I would do much</p>
         <p>To atone them, for the love I bear to Cassio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Fire and brimstone!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Are you wise?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>What, is he angry?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>May be the letter moved him;</p>
         <p>For, as I think, they do command him home,</p>
         <p>Deputing Cassio in his government.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>By my troth, I am glad on't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Indeed!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I am glad to see you mad.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Why, sweet Othello, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="31">Devil!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I have not deserved this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>My lord, this would not be believed in Venice,</p>
         <p>Though I should swear I saw't: 'tis very much:</p>
         <p>Make her amends; she weeps.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O devil, devil!</p>
         <p>If that the earth could teem with woman's tears,</p>
         <p>Each drop she falls would prove a crocodile.</p>
         <p>Out of my sight!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I will not stay to offend you.</p>
         <p class="stage">Going.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Truly, an obedient lady:</p>
         <p>I do beseech your lordship, call her back.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Mistress!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What would you with her, sir?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Who, I, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay; you did wish that I would make her turn:</p>
         <p>Sir, she can turn, and turn, and yet go on,</p>
         <p>And turn again; and she can weep, sir, weep;</p>
         <p>And she's obedient, as you say, obedient,</p>
         <p>Very obedient. Proceed you in your tears.</p>
         <p>Concerning this, sir, — O well-painted passion! —</p>
         <p>I am commanded home. Get you away;</p>
         <p>I'll send for you anon. Sir, I obey the mandate,</p>
         <p>And will return to Venice. Hence, avaunt!</p>
         <p>Cassio shall have my place. And, sir, tonight,</p>
         <p>I do entreat that we may sup together:</p>
         <p>You are welcome, sir, to Cyprus. — Goats and monkeys!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Desdemona.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Is this the noble Moor whom our full senate</p>
         <p>Call all in all sufficient? Is this the nature</p>
         <p>Whom passion could not shake? whose solid virtue</p>
         <p>The shot of accident, nor dart of chance,</p>
         <p>Could neither graze nor pierce?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>He is much changed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Are his wits safe? is he not light of brain?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>He's that he is: I may not breathe my censure</p>
         <p>What he might be: if what he might he is not,</p>
         <p>I would to heaven he were!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>What, strike his wife!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Faith, that was not so well; yet would I knew</p>
         <p>That stroke would prove the worst!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Is it his use?</p>
         <p>Or did the letters work upon his blood,</p>
         <p>And new-create this fault?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Alas, alas!</p>
         <p>It is not honesty in me to speak</p>
         <p>What I have seen and known. You shall observe him,</p>
         <p>And his own courses will denote him so</p>
         <p>That I may save my speech: do but go after,</p>
         <p>And mark how he continues.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>I am sorry that I am deceived in him.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO and EMILIA.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>You have seen nothing then?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Nor ever heard, nor ever did suspect.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Yes, you have seen Cassio and she together.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>But then I saw no harm, and then I heard</p>
         <p>Each syllable that breath made up between them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What, did they never whisper?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Never, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Nor send you out o' the way?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Never.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>To fetch her fan, her gloves, her mask, nor nothing?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Never, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That's strange.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I durst, my lord, to wager she is honest,</p>
         <p>Lay down my soul at stake: if you think other,</p>
         <p>Remove your thought; it doth abuse your bosom.</p>
         <p>If any wretch have put this in your head,</p>
         <p>Let heaven requite it with the serpent's curse!</p>
         <p>For, if she be not honest, chaste, and true,</p>
         <p>There's no man happy; the purest of their wives</p>
         <p>Is foul as slander.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Bid her come hither: go.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="32">She says enough; yet she's a simple bawd</p>
         <p>That cannot say as much. This is a subtle whore,</p>
         <p>A closet lock and key of villainous secrets:</p>
         <p>And yet she'll kneel and pray; I have seen her do't.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Emilia.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter DESDEMONA with EMILIA. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My lord, what is your will?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Pray you, chuck, come hither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>What is your pleasure?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Let me see your eyes;</p>
         <p>Look in my face.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>What horrible fancy's this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Some of your function, mistress;</p>
         <p>Leave procreants alone and shut the door;</p>
         <p>Cough, or cry “ hem,” if anybody come:</p>
         <p>Your mystery, your mystery: nay, dispatch.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit Emilia.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Upon my knee, what doth your speech import?</p>
         <p>I understand a fury in your words,</p>
         <p>But not the words.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Why, what art thou?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Your wife, my lord; your true</p>
         <p>And loyal wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Come, swear it, damn thyself;</p>
         <p>Lest, being like one of heaven, the devils themselves</p>
         <p>Should fear to seize thee: therefore be double damned:</p>
         <p>Swear thou art honest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Heaven doth truly know it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="33">Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>To whom, my lord? with whom? how am I false?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ah Desdemon! away! away! away!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas the heavy day! Why do you weep?</p>
         <p>Am I the motive of these tears, my lord?</p>
         <p>If haply you my father do suspect</p>
         <p>An instrument of this your calling back,</p>
         <p>Lay not your blame on me: if you have lost him,</p>
         <p>Why, I have lost him too.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Had it pleased heaven</p>
         <p>To try me with affliction; had they rained</p>
         <p>All kind of sores and shames on my bare head,</p>
         <p>Steeped me in poverty to the very lips,</p>
         <p>Given to captivity me and my utmost hopes,</p>
         <p>I should have found in some place of my soul</p>
         <p>A drop of patience: but, alas, to make me</p>
         <p>The fixed figure for the time of scorn</p>
         <p>To point his slow unmoving finger at!</p>
         <p>Yet could I bear that too; well, very well:</p>
         <p>But there, where I have garnered up my heart,</p>
         <p>Where either I must live, or bear no life;</p>
         <p>The fountain from the which my current runs,</p>
         <p>Or else dries up; to be discarded thence!</p>
         <p>Or keep it as a cistern for foul toads</p>
         <p>To knot and gender in! Turn thy complexion there,</p>
         <p>Patience, thou young and rose-lipped cherubin, —</p>
         <p>Ay, here, look grim as hell!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I hope my noble lord esteems me honest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="34">O, ay; as summer flies are in the shambles,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="35">That quicken even with blowing. O thou weed,</p>
         <p>Who art so lovely fair and smell'st so sweet</p>
         <p>That the sense aches at thee, would thou hadst ne'er been born!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas, what ignorant sin have I committed?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Was this fair paper, this most goodly book,</p>
         <p>Made to write “ whore ” upon? What committed!</p>
         <p>Committed! O thou public commoner!</p>
         <p>I should make very forges of my cheeks,</p>
         <p>That would to cinders burn up modesty,</p>
         <p>Did I but speak thy deeds. What committed!</p>
         <p>Heaven stops the nose at it and the moon winks,</p>
         <p>The bawdy wind that kisses all it meets</p>
         <p>Is hushed within the hollow mine of earth.</p>
         <p>And will not hear't. What committed!</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="36">Impudent strumpet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>By heaven, you do me wrong.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Are not you a strumpet?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>No, as I am a Christian:</p>
         <p>If to preserve this vessel for my lord</p>
         <p>From any other foul unlawful touch</p>
         <p>Be not to be a strumpet, I am none.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What, not a whore?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>No, as I shall be saved.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Is't possible?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O, heaven forgive us!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I cry you mercy, then:</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="37">I took you for that cunning whore of Venice</p>
         <p>That married with Othello.</p>
         <p>You, mistress,</p>
         <p>That have the office opposite to Saint Peter,</p>
         <p>And keeps the gate of hell! You, you, ay, you!</p>
         <p>We have done our course; there's money for your pains:</p>
         <p>I pray you, turn the key and keep our counsel.</p>
         <p class="stage">Raising his voice</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter EMILIA.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Alas, what does this gentleman conceive?</p>
         <p>How do you, madam? how do you, my good lady?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Faith, half asleep.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Good madam, what's the matter with my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>With who?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Why, with my lord, madam.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Who is thy lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>He that is yours, sweet lady.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I have none: do not talk to me, Emilia;</p>
         <p>I cannot weep; nor answers have I none,</p>
         <p>But what should go by water. Prithee, tonight</p>
         <p>Lay on my bed my wedding-sheets: remember;</p>
         <p>And call thy husband hither.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Here's a change indeed!</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>'Tis meet I should be used so, very meet.</p>
         <p>How have I been behaved, that he might stick</p>
         <p>The small'st opinion on my least misuse?</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter EMILIA with IAGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What is your pleasure, madam? How is't with you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I cannot tell. Those that do teach young babes</p>
         <p>Do it with gentle means and easy tasks:</p>
         <p>He might have chid me so; for, in good faith,</p>
         <p>I am a child to chiding.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What is the matter, lady?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Alas, Iago, my lord hath so bewhored her,</p>
         <p>Thrown such despite and heavy terms upon her,</p>
         <p>That true hearts cannot bear it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Am I that name, Iago?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What name, fair lady?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Such as she said my lord did say I was.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>He called her whore: a beggar in his drink</p>
         <p>Could not have laid such terms upon his callet.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why did he so?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I do not know; I am sure I am none such.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Do not weep, do not weep. Alas the day!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Hath she forsook so many noble matches,</p>
         <p>Her father and her country and her friends,</p>
         <p>To be called whore? would it not make one weep?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>It is my wretched fortune.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Beshrew him for't!</p>
         <p>How comes this trick upon him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Nay, heaven doth know.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I will be hanged, if some eternal villain,</p>
         <p>Some busy and insinuating rogue,</p>
         <p>Some cogging, cozening slave, to get some office,</p>
         <p>Have not devised this slander; I will be hanged else.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Fie, there is no such man; it is impossible.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>If any such there be, heaven pardon him!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>A halter pardon him! and hell gnaw his bones!</p>
         <p>Why should he call her whore? who keeps her company?</p>
         <p>What place? what time? what form? what likelihood?</p>
         <p>The Moor's abused by some most villainous knave,</p>
         <p>Some base notorious knave, some scurvy fellow.</p>
         <p>O heaven, that such companions thou'ldst unfold,</p>
         <p>And put in every honest hand a whip</p>
         <p>To lash the rascals naked through the world</p>
         <p>Even from the east to the west!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Speak within door.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O, fie upon them! Some such squire he was</p>
         <p>That turned your wit the seamy side without,</p>
         <p>And made you to suspect me with the Moor.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You are a fool; go to.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas, Iago,</p>
         <p>What shall I do to win my lord again?</p>
         <p>Good friend, go to him; for, by this light of heaven,</p>
         <p>I know not how I lost him. Here I kneel:</p>
         <p>If e'er my will did trespass 'gainst his love,</p>
         <p>Either in discourse of thought or actual deed,</p>
         <p>Or that mine eyes, mine ears, or any sense,</p>
         <p>Delighted them in any other form;</p>
         <p>Or that I do not yet, and ever did,</p>
         <p>And ever will — though he do shake me off</p>
         <p>To beggarly divorcement: — love him dearly,</p>
         <p>Comfort forswear me! Unkindness may do much;</p>
         <p>And his unkindness may defeat my life,</p>
         <p>But never taint my love. I cannot say “ whore:”</p>
         <p>It does abhor me now I speak the word;</p>
         <p>To do the act that might the addition earn</p>
         <p>Not the world's mass of vanity could make me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I pray you, be content; 'tis but his humour:</p>
         <p>The business of the state does him offence,</p>
         <p>And he does chide with you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>If 'twere no other, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>It is but so, I warrant.</p>
         <p>Hark, how these instruments summon to supper!</p>
         <p>The messengers of Venice stays the meat:</p>
         <p>Go in, and weep not; all things shall be well.</p>
         <p>How now, Roderigo!</p>
         <p class="stage">Trumpets within.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Desdemona and Emilia.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter RODERIGO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I do not find that thou dealest justly with me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What in the contrary?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Every day thou daffest me with some device, Iago;</p>
         <p>and rather, as it seems to me now, keepest from</p>
         <p>me all conveniency than suppliest me with the</p>
         <p>least advantage of hope. I will indeed no longer</p>
         <p>endure it, nor am I yet persuaded to put up in peace</p>
         <p>what already I have foolishly suffered.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Will you hear me, Roderigo?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>'Faith, I have heard too much, for your words and</p>
         <p>performances are no kin together.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You charge me most unjustly.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>With nought but truth. I have wasted myself out</p>
         <p>of my means. The jewels you have had from me to</p>
         <p>deliver Desdemona would half have corrupted a</p>
         <p>votarist: you have told me she hath received them</p>
         <p>and returned me expectations and comforts of sudden</p>
         <p>respect and acquaintance, but I find none.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Well; go to; very well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Very well! go to! I cannot go to man; nor 'tis</p>
         <p>not very well: By this hand, I think it is scurvy, and</p>
         <p>begin to find myself fopped in it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Very well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I tell you 'tis not very well. I will make myself</p>
         <p>known to Desdemona: if she will return me my</p>
         <p>jewels, I will give over my suit and repent my</p>
         <p>unlawful solicitation; if not, assure yourself I will</p>
         <p>seek satisfaction of you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>You have said now.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Ay, and said nothing but what I protest intendment of</p>
         <p>doing.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, now I see there's mettle in thee, and even</p>
         <p>from this instant do build on thee a better</p>
         <p>opinion than ever before. Give me thy hand,</p>
         <p>Roderigo: thou hast taken against me a most just</p>
         <p>exception; but yet, I protest, I have dealt most</p>
         <p>directly in thy affair.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>It hath not appeared.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I grant indeed it hath not appeared, and your</p>
         <p>suspicion is not without wit and judgement. But,</p>
         <p>Roderigo, if thou hast that in thee indeed,</p>
         <p>which I have greater reason to believe now than</p>
         <p>ever, I mean purpose, courage and valour, this</p>
         <p>night show it: if thou the next night following</p>
         <p>enjoy not Desdemona, take me from this world with</p>
         <p>treachery and devise engines for my life.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Well, what is it? is it within reason and compass?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Sir, there is especial commission come from Venice to</p>
         <p>depute Cassio in Othello's place.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Is that true? why, then Othello and Desdemona return</p>
         <p>again to Venice.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O, no; he goes into Mauritania and taketh away</p>
         <p>with him the fair Desdemona, unless his abode</p>
         <p>be lingered here by some accident: wherein none can</p>
         <p>be so determinate as the removing of Cassio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>How do you mean, removing him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Why, by making him uncapable of Othello's place;</p>
         <p>knocking out his brains.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>And that you would have me to do?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Ay, if you dare do yourself a profit and a right.</p>
         <p>He sups to-night with a harlotry and thither</p>
         <p>will I go to him: he knows not yet of his</p>
         <p>honourable fortune. If you will watch his going</p>
         <p>thence, which I will fashion to fall out between</p>
         <p>twelve and one, you may take him at your pleasure:</p>
         <p>I will be near to second your attempt, and he</p>
         <p>shall fall between us. Come, stand not amazed at</p>
         <p>it, but go along with me; I will show you such</p>
         <p>a necessity in his death that you shall think</p>
         <p>yourself bound to put it on him. It is now high</p>
         <p>suppertime, and the night grows to waste: about it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I will hear further reason for this.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>And you shall be satisfied.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 4, Scene 3</h2>
      <p class="stage">Another room in the castle.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO, LODOVICO, DESDEMONA, EMILIA,  and Attendants.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>I do beseech you, sir, trouble yourself no further.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O, pardon me; 'twill do me good to walk.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Madam, good night; I humbly thank your ladyship.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Your honour is most welcome.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Will you walk, sir?</p>
         <p>O, — Desdemona, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Get you to bed on the instant; I will be returned</p>
         <p>forthwith: dismiss your attendant there: look't be</p>
         <p>done.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I will, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>How goes it now? he looks gentler than he did.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>He says he will return incontinent:</p>
         <p>And hath commanded me to go to bed,</p>
         <p>And bade me to dismiss you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Dismiss me!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>It was his bidding; therefore, good Emilia,</p>
         <p>Give me my nightly wearing, and adieu:</p>
         <p>We must not now displease him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I would you had never seen him!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>So would not I: my love doth so approve him,</p>
         <p>That even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns, —</p>
         <p>Prithee, unpin me, — have grace and favour in them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>All's one. Good faith, how foolish are our minds!</p>
         <p>If I do die before thee, prithee, shroud me</p>
         <p>In one of these same sheets.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Come, come, you talk.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>My mother had a maid called Barbary:</p>
         <p>She was in love, and he she loved proved mad</p>
         <p>And did forsake her: she had a song of “ willow;”</p>
         <p>An old thing 'twas, but it expressed her fortune,</p>
         <p>And she died singing it: that song to-night</p>
         <p>Will not go from my mind; I have much to do,</p>
         <p>But to go hang my head all at one side,</p>
         <p>And sing it like poor Barbary. Prithee, dispatch.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Shall I go fetch your night-gown?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>No, unpin me here.</p>
         <p>This Lodovico is a proper man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>A very handsome man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>He speaks well.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to</p>
         <p>Palestine for a touch of his nether lip.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Lay by these: —</p>
         <p>Prithee, hie thee; he'll come anon: —</p>
         <p>Nay, that's not next. — Hark! who is't that knocks?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>It's the wind.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>So, get thee gone; good night. Mine eyes do itch;</p>
         <p>Doth that bode weeping?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>'Tis neither here nor there.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I have heard it said so. O, these men, these men!</p>
         <p>Dost thou in conscience think, — tell me, Emilia, —</p>
         <p>That there be women do abuse their husbands</p>
         <p>In such gross kind?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>There be some such, no question.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Why, would not you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>No, by this heavenly light!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Nor I neither by this heavenly light;</p>
         <p>I might do't as well i' the dark.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>The world's a huge thing: it is a great price</p>
         <p>For a small vice.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Good troth, I think thou wouldst not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>By my troth, I think I should; and undo't when</p>
         <p>I had done. Marry, I would not do such a thing</p>
         <p>for a joint-ring, nor for measures of lawn, nor</p>
         <p>for gowns, petticoats, nor caps, nor any petty</p>
         <p>exhibition; but, for all the whole world! Uds</p>
         <p>pity, who would not make her husband a cuckold</p>
         <p>to make him a monarch? I should venture purgatory</p>
         <p>for't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Beshrew me, if I would do such a wrong</p>
         <p>For the whole world.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Why, the wrong is but a wrong i' the world; and</p>
         <p>having the world for your labour, 'tis a wrong</p>
         <p>in your own world, and you might quickly make it</p>
         <p>right.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I do not think there is any such woman.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Yes, a dozen; and as many to the vantage as would</p>
         <p>store the world they played for.</p>
         <p>But I do think it is their husbands' faults</p>
         <p>If wives do fall: say that they slack their duties,</p>
         <p>And pour our treasures into foreign laps,</p>
         <p>Or else break out in peevish jealousies,</p>
         <p>Throwing restraint upon us; or say they strike us,</p>
         <p>Or scant our former having in despite;</p>
         <p>Why, we have galls, and though we have some grace,</p>
         <p>Yet have we some revenge. Let husbands know</p>
         <p>Their wives have sense like them: they see and smell</p>
         <p>And have their palates both for sweet and sour,</p>
         <p>As husbands have. What is it that they do</p>
         <p>When they change us for others? Is it sport?</p>
         <p>I think it is: and doth affection breed it?</p>
         <p>I think it doth: is't frailty that thus errs?</p>
         <p>It is so too: and have not we affections,</p>
         <p>Desires for sport, and frailty, as men have?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 5, Scene 1</h2>
      <p class="stage">Cyprus. A street.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter IAGO and RODERIGO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Here, stand behind this bulk; straight will he come:</p>
         <p>Wear thy good rapier bare, and put it home:</p>
         <p>Quick, quick; fear nothing; I'll be at thy elbow:</p>
         <p>It makes us, or it mars us; think on that,</p>
         <p>And fix most firm thy resolution.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Be near at hand; I may miscarry in't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Here, at thy hand: be bold, and take thy stand.</p>
         <p class="stage">Retires. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>I have no great devotion to the deed;</p>
         <p>And yet he hath given me satisfying reasons:</p>
         <p>'Tis but a man gone. Forth, my sword: he dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I have rubbed this young quat almost to the sense,</p>
         <p>And he grows angry. Now, whether he kill Cassio,</p>
         <p>Or Cassio him, or each do kill the other,</p>
         <p>Every way makes my gain: live Roderigo,</p>
         <p>He calls me to a restitution large</p>
         <p>Of gold and jewels that I bobbed from him,</p>
         <p>As gifts to Desdemona;</p>
         <p>It must not be: if Cassio do remain,</p>
         <p>He hath a daily beauty in his life</p>
         <p>That makes me ugly; and, besides, the Moor</p>
         <p>May unfold me to him; there stand I in much peril:</p>
         <p>No, he must die. Be't so: I hear him coming.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter CASSIO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="38">I know his gait, 'tis he. — Villain, thou diest!</p>
         <p class="stage">Makes a pass at Cassio. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>That thrust had been mine enemy indeed,</p>
         <p>But that my coat is better than thou know'st:</p>
         <p>I will make proof of thine.</p>
         <p class="stage">Draws, and wounds Roderigo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>O, I am slain!</p>
         <p class="stage">Iago from behind wounds Cassio in the leg, and exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I am maimed for ever. Help, ho! murder! murder!</p>
         <p class="stage">Falls. </p>
         <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>The voice of Cassio: Iago keeps his word.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>O, villain that I am!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>It is even so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>O, help, ho! light! a surgeon!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>'Tis he: — O brave Iago, honest and just,</p>
         <p>That hast such noble sense of thy friend's wrong!</p>
         <p>Thou teachest me. Minion, your dear lies dead,</p>
         <p>And your unblest fate hies: strumpet, I come.</p>
         <p>Forth of my heart those charms, thine eyes, are blotted;</p>
         <p>Thy bed, lust-stained, shall with lust's blood be spotted.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exit. </p>
         <p class="stage">Enter LODOVlCO and GRATIANO. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>What, ho! no watch? no passage? murder! murder!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>'Tis some mischance; the voice is very direful.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>O, help!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Hark!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="39">O wretched villain!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Two or three groan: 'tis heavy night:</p>
         <p>These may be counterfeits: let's think't unsafe</p>
         <p>To come in to the cry without more help.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>Nobody come? then shall I bleed to death.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Hark!</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter IAGO, with a light.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>Here's one comes in his shirt, with light and weapons.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Who's there? whose noise is this that cries on murder?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>We do not know.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Did not you hear a cry?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Here, here! for heaven sake, help me!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What's the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>This is Othello's ancient, as I take it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>The same indeed; a very valiant fellow.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What are you here that cry so grievously?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="40">Iago? O, I am spoiled, undone by villains!</p>
         <p>Give me some help.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O me, lieutenant! what villains have done this?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I think that one of them is hereabout,</p>
         <p>And cannot make away.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O treacherous villains!</p>
         <p>What are you there? come in, and give some help.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Lodovico and Gratiano, </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>O, help me there!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>That's one of them.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="41">O murderous slave! O villain!</p>
         <p class="stage">Stabs Roderigo,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Roderigo</h3>
         <p>O damned Iago! O inhuman dog!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Kill men i' the dark! — Where be these bloody thieves? —</p>
         <p>How silent is this town! Ho! murder! murder! —</p>
         <p>What may you be? are you of good or evil?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>As you shall prove us, praise us.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Signior Lodovico?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>He, sir.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I cry you mercy. Here's Cassio hurt by villains.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>Cassio!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>How is't, brother!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>My leg is cut in two.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Marry, heaven forbid!</p>
         <p>Light, gentlemen: I'll bind it with my shirt.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter BIANCA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>What is the matter, ho? who is't that cried?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Who is't that cried!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>O my dear Cassio! my sweet Cassio!</p>
         <p>O Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="43">O notable strumpet! Cassio, may you suspect</p>
         <p>Who they should be that have thus mangled you?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>No.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>I am sorry to find you thus: I have been to seek you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Lend me a garter. So. O, for a chair,</p>
         <p>To bear him easily hence!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>Alas, he faints! O Cassio, Cassio, Cassio!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Gentlemen all, I do suspect this trash</p>
         <p>To be a party in this injury.</p>
         <p>Patience awhile, good Cassio. Come, come;</p>
         <p>Lend me a light. Know we this face or no?</p>
         <p>Alas, my friend and my dear countryman</p>
         <p>Roderigo! no: — yes, sure: — O heaven! Roderigo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>What, of Venice?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Even he, sir: did you know him?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>Know him! ay.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Signior Gratiano? I cry your gentle pardon;</p>
         <p>These bloody accidents must excuse my manners,</p>
         <p>That so neglected you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>I am glad to see you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>How do you, Cassio? O, a chair, a chair!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>Roderigo!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>He, he, 'tis he.</p>
         <p>O, that's well said; the chair.</p>
         <p>Some good man bear him carefully from hence;</p>
         <p>I'll fetch the general's surgeon.</p>
         <p>For you, mistress,</p>
         <p>Save you your labour. He that lies slain here, Cassio,</p>
         <p>Was my dear friend: what malice was between you?</p>
         <p class="stage">A chair brought in.</p>
         <p class="stage">To Bianca</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>None in the world; nor do I know the man.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What, look you pale?</p>
         <p>O, bear him out o' the air.</p>
         <p>Stay you, good gentlemen. Look you pale, mistress?</p>
         <p>Do you perceive the gastness of her eye?</p>
         <p>Nay, an you stare, we shall hear more anon.</p>
         <p>Behold her well; I pray you, look upon her:</p>
         <p>Do you see, gentlemen? nay, guiltiness will speak,</p>
         <p>Though tongues were out of use.</p>
         <p class="stage">Cassio and Roderigo are borne off.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter EMILIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Alas what is the matter? What is the matter, husband?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Cassio hath here been set on in the dark</p>
         <p>By Roderigo and fellows that are scaped:</p>
         <p>He's almost slain, and Roderigo quite dead.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Alas, good gentleman alas, good Cassio!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>This is the fruits of whoring. Prithee, Emilia,</p>
         <p>Go know of Cassio where he supped to-night.</p>
         <p>What, do you shake at that?</p>
         <p class="stage">To Bianca</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>He supped at my house; but I therefore shake not.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>O, did he so? I charge you, go with me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="44">O fie upon thee, strumpet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Bianca</h3>
         <p>I am no strumpet; but of life as honest</p>
         <p>As you that thus abuse me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>As I! foh! fie upon thee!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Kind gentlemen, let's go see poor Cassio dressed.</p>
         <p>Come, mistress, you must tell's another tale.</p>
         <p>Emilia, run you to the citadel,</p>
         <p>And tell my lord and lady what hath happed.</p>
         <p>Will you go on afore?</p>
         <p>This is the night</p>
         <p>That either makes me or fordoes me quite.</p>
         <p class="stage">Aside</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="actHead">Act 5, Scene 2</h2>
      <p class="stage">A bedchamber in the castle: DESDEMONA in bed asleep; a light burning.</p>
      <p class="stage">Enter OTHELLO.</p>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>It is the cause, it is the cause, my soul, —</p>
         <p>Let me not name it to you, you chaste stars! —</p>
         <p>It is the cause. Yet I'll not shed her blood.</p>
         <p>Nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow,</p>
         <p>And smooth as monumental alabaster.</p>
         <p>Yet she must die, else she'll betray more men.</p>
         <p>Put out the light, and then put out the light:</p>
         <p>If I quench thee, thou flaming minister,</p>
         <p>I can again thy former light restore,</p>
         <p>Should I repent me: but once put out thy light,</p>
         <p>Thou cunning'st pattern of excelling nature,</p>
         <p>I know not where is that Promethean heat</p>
         <p>That can thy light relume. When I have plucked thy rose,</p>
         <p>I cannot give it vital growth again,</p>
         <p>It needs must wither: I'll smell thee on the tree.</p>
         <p>Ah, balmy breath, that dost almost persuade</p>
         <p>Justice to break her sword! One more, one more.</p>
         <p>Be thus when thou art dead, and I will kill thee,</p>
         <p>And love thee after. One more, and that's the last:</p>
         <p>So sweet was ne'er so fatal. I must weep,</p>
         <p>But they are cruel tears: this sorrow's heavenly;</p>
         <p>It strikes where it doth love. She wakes.</p>
         <p class="stage">Kissing her. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Who's there? Othello?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay, Desdemona.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Will you come to bed, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Have you prayed to-night, Desdemon?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Ay, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>If you bethink yourself of any crime</p>
         <p>Unreconciled as yet to heaven and grace,</p>
         <p>Solicit for it straight.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas, my lord, what may you mean by that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Well, do it, and be brief; I will walk by:</p>
         <p>I would not kill thy unprepared spirit;</p>
         <p>No; heaven forfend! I would not kill thy soul.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Talk you of killing?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay, I do.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Then heaven</p>
         <p>Have mercy on me!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Amen, with all my heart!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>If you say so, I hope you will not kill me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Hum!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>And yet I fear you; for you're fatal then</p>
         <p>When your eyes roll so: why I should fear I know not,</p>
         <p>Since guiltiness I know not; but yet I feel I fear.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Think on thy sins.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>They are loves I bear to you.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay, and for that thou diest.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>That death's unnatural that kills for loving.</p>
         <p>Alas, why gnaw you so your nether lip?</p>
         <p>Some bloody passion shakes your very frame:</p>
         <p>These are portents: but yet I hope, I hope,</p>
         <p>They do not point on me.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Peace, and be still!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>I will so. What's the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That handkerchief which I so loved and gave thee</p>
         <p>Thou gavest to Cassio.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>No, by my life and soul!</p>
         <p>Send for the man, and ask him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Sweet soul, take heed,</p>
         <p>Take heed of perjury; thou art on thy deathbed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Ay, but not yet to die.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Yes, presently:</p>
         <p>Therefore confess thee freely of thy sin;</p>
         <p>For to deny each article with oath</p>
         <p>Cannot remove nor choke the strong conception</p>
         <p>That I do groan withal. Thou art to die.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Then Lord have mercy on me!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I say, amen.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>And have you mercy too! I never did</p>
         <p>Offend you in my life; never loved Cassio</p>
         <p>But with such general warranty of heaven</p>
         <p>As I might love; I never gave him token.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>By heaven, I saw my handkerchief in's hand.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="45">Pragmatics? -&gt; calling her a liar O perjured woman! thou dost stone my heart,</p>
         <p>And makest me call what I intend to do</p>
         <p>A murder, which I thought a sacrifice:</p>
         <p>I saw the handkerchief.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>He found it then;</p>
         <p>I never gave it him: send for him hither;</p>
         <p>Let him confess a truth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>He hath confessed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>What, my lord?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That he hath used thee.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>How? unlawfully?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>He will not say so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>No, his mouth is stopped;</p>
         <p>Honest Iago hath ta'en order for't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O! my fear interprets: what, is he dead?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Had all his hairs been lives, my great revenge</p>
         <p>Had stomach for them all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Alas! he is betrayed and I undone.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="46">Out, strumpet! weep'st thou for him to my face?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O, banish me, my lord, but kill me not!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="47">Down, strumpet!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Kill me to-morrow: let me live tonight!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Nay, an you strive, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>But half an hour!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Being done, there is no pause.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>But while I say one prayer!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>It is too late.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O Lord! Lord! Lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>My lord, my lord! what, ho! my lord, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What noise is this? Not dead? not yet quite dead?</p>
         <p>I that am cruel am yet merciful;</p>
         <p>I would not have thee linger in thy pain:</p>
         <p>So, so.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>What, ho! my lord, my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Who's there?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O, good my lord, I would speak a word with you!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Yes: 'tis Emilia. By and by. She's dead.</p>
         <p>'Tis like she comes to speak of Cassio's death.</p>
         <p>The noise was high. Ha! no more moving?</p>
         <p>Still as the grave. Shall she come in? were't good? —</p>
         <p>I think she stirs again: — no. What's best to do?</p>
         <p>If she come in, she'll sure speak to my wife:</p>
         <p>My wife! my wife! what wife? I have no wife.</p>
         <p>O, insupportable! O heavy hour!</p>
         <p>Methinks it should be now a huge eclipse</p>
         <p>Of sun and moon, and that the affrighted globe</p>
         <p>did yawn at alteration.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I do beseech you</p>
         <p>That I may speak with you, O, good my lord!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I had forgot thee: O, come in, Emilia:</p>
         <p>Soft; by and by. Let me the curtains draw.</p>
         <p>Where art thou? What's the matter with thee now?</p>
         <p class="stage">Unlocks the door.</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter EMILIA.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O, my good lord, yonder's foul murders done!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What? now?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>But now, my lord.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>It is the very error of the moon;</p>
         <p>She comes more nearer earth than she was wont,</p>
         <p>And makes men mad.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Cassio, my lord, hath killed a young Venetian</p>
         <p>Called Roderigo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Roderigo killed!</p>
         <p>And Cassio killed!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>No, Cassio is not killed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Not Cassio killed! then murder's out of tune,</p>
         <p>And sweet revenge grows harsh.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>O, falsely, falsely murdered!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O Lord, what cry is that?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That! what?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Out, and alas! that was my lady's voice.</p>
         <p>Help! help, ho! help! O lady, speak again!</p>
         <p>Sweet Desdemona! O sweet mistress, speak!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>A guiltless death I die.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O, who hath done this deed?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Desdemona</h3>
         <p>Nobody; I myself. Farewell:</p>
         <p>Commend me to my kind lord: O, farewell!</p>
         <p class="stage">Dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Why, how should she be murdered?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Alas, who knows?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>You heard her say herself, it was not I.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>She said so: I must needs report the truth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="48">She's, like a liar, gone to burning hell:</p>
         <p>'Twas I that killed her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O, the more angel she,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="49">And you the blacker devil!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="50">She turned to folly, and she was a whore.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="52">Thou dost belie her, and thou art a devil.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="53">She was false as water.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Thou art rash as fire, to say</p>
         <p>That she was false: O, she was heavenly true!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Cassio did top her; ask thy husband else.</p>
         <p>O, I were damned beneath all depth in hell,</p>
         <p>But that I did proceed upon just grounds</p>
         <p>To this extremity. Thy husband knew it all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>My husband!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Thy husband.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>That she was false to wedlock?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay, with Cassio. Nay, had she been true,</p>
         <p>If heaven would make me such another world</p>
         <p>Of one entire and perfect chrysolite,</p>
         <p>I'ld not have sold her for it.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>My husband!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay, 'twas he that told me on her first:</p>
         <p>An honest man he is, and hates the slime</p>
         <p>That sticks on filthy deeds.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>My husband!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>What needs this iterance, woman? I say thy husband.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O mistress, villainy hath made mocks with love!</p>
         <p>My husband say she was false!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>He, woman;</p>
         <p>I say thy husband: dost understand the word?</p>
         <p>My friend, thy husband, honest, honest Iago.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="54">If he say so, may his pernicious soul</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="55">Rot half a grain a day! he lies to the heart:</p>
         <p>She was too fond of her most filthy bargain.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ha!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Do thy worst:</p>
         <p>This deed of thine is no more worthy heaven</p>
         <p>Than thou wast worthy her.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Peace, you were best.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Thou hast not half that power to do me harm</p>
         <p>As I have to be hurt. O gull! O dolt!</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="55">As ignorant as dirt! thou hast done a deed —</p>
         <p>I care not for thy sword: I'll make thee known,</p>
         <p>Though I lost twenty lives. — Help! help, ho! help!</p>
         <p>The Moor hath killed my mistress! Murder! murder!</p>
         <p class="stage">Enter MONTANO, GRATIANO, IAGO, and others.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>What is the matter? How now, general!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O, are you come, Iago? you have done well,</p>
         <p>That men must lay their murders on your neck.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>What is the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="56">Disprove this villain, if thou be'st a man:</p>
         <p>He says thou told'st him that his wife was false:</p>
         <p>I know thou didst not, thou'rt not such a villain:</p>
         <p>Speak, for my heart is full.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I told him what I thought, and told no more</p>
         <p>Than what he found himself was apt and true.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>But did you ever tell him she was false?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I did.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>You told a lie; an odious, damned lie;</p>
         <p>Upon my soul, a lie, a wicked lie.</p>
         <p>She false with Cassio! — did you say with Cassio?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>With Cassio, mistress. Go to, charm your tongue.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I will not charm my tongue; I am bound to speak:</p>
         <p>My mistress here lies murdered in her bed, —</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">All.</h3>
         <p>O heavens forfend!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>And your reports have set the murder on.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Nay, stare not, masters: it is true, indeed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>'Tis a strange truth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p>O monstrous act!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>villainy, villainy, villainy!</p>
         <p>I think upon't, I think: I smell't: O villainy! —</p>
         <p>I thought so then: — I'll kill myself for grief: —</p>
         <p>O villainy. villainy!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>What, are you mad? I charge you, get you home.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Good gentlemen, let me have leave to speak:</p>
         <p>'Tis proper I obey him, but not now.</p>
         <p>Perchance, Iago, I will ne'er go home.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O! O! O!</p>
         <p class="stage">He falls on the bed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Nay, lay thee down and roar;</p>
         <p>For thou hast killed the sweetest innocent</p>
         <p>That e'er did lift up eye.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="57">O, she was foul!</p>
         <p>I scarce did know you, uncle: there lies your niece,</p>
         <p>Whose breath, indeed, these hands have newly stopped:</p>
         <p>I know this act shows horrible and grim.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>Poor Desdemon! I am glad thy father's dead:</p>
         <p>Thy match was mortal to him, and pure grief</p>
         <p>Shore his old thread in twain: did he live now,</p>
         <p>This sight would make him do a desperate turn,</p>
         <p>Yea, curse his better angel from his side,</p>
         <p>And fall to reprobance.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>'Tis pitiful; but yet Iago knows</p>
         <p>That she with Cassio hath the act of shame</p>
         <p>A thousand times committed; Cassio confessed it:</p>
         <p>And she did gratify his amorous works</p>
         <p>With that recognizance and pledge of love</p>
         <p>Which I first gave her; I saw it in his hand:</p>
         <p>It was a handkerchief, an antique token</p>
         <p>My father gave my mother.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>O God! O heavenly God!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>'Zounds, hold your peace.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>'Twill out, 'twill out: I peace!</p>
         <p>No, I will speak as liberal as the north:</p>
         <p>Let heaven and men and devils, let them all,</p>
         <p>All, all, cry shame against me, yet I'll speak.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Be wise, and get you home.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>I will not.</p>
         <p class="stage">Iago offers to stab Emilia.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>Fie!</p>
         <p>Your sword upon a woman?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="58">O thou dull Moor! that handkerchief thou speak'st of</p>
         <p>I found by fortune and did give my husband;</p>
         <p>For often, with a solemn earnestness,</p>
         <p>More than indeed belonged to such a trifle,</p>
         <p>He begged of me to steal't.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="59">villainous whore!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>She give it Cassio! no, alas! I found it,</p>
         <p>And I did give't my husband.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="60">Filth, thou liest!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>By heaven, I do not, I do not, gentlemen.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="61">O murderous coxcomb! what should such a fool</p>
         <p>Do with so good a wife?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Are there no stones in heaven</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="63">But what serves for the thunder? Precious villain!</p>
         <p class="stage">He runs at Iago: Iago, from behind, stabs Emilia, and exit.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>The woman falls; sure, he hath killed his wife.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>Ay, ay: O, lay me by my mistress' side.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>He's gone, but his wife's killed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Montano</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="64">'Tis a notorious villain. Take you this weapon,</p>
         <p>Which I have here recovered from the Moor:</p>
         <p>Come, guard the door without; let him not pass,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="65">But kill him rather. I'll after that same villain,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="66">For 'tis a damned slave.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt Montana and Cratiano.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I am not valiant neither,</p>
         <p>But every puny whipster gets my sword:</p>
         <p>But why should honour outlive honesty?</p>
         <p>Let it go all.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Emilia</h3>
         <p>What did thy song bode, lady.</p>
         <p>Hark, canst thou hear me? I will play the swan,</p>
         <p>And die in music.</p>
         <p>Willow, willow, willow. —</p>
         <p>Moor, she was chaste; she loved thee, cruel Moor;</p>
         <p>So come my soul to bliss, as I speak true;</p>
         <p>So speaking as I think, alas, I die.</p>
         <p class="stage">Singing</p>
         <p class="stage">Dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I have another weapon in this chamber;</p>
         <p>It was a sword of Spain, the ice-brook's temper:</p>
         <p>O, here it is. Uncle, I must come forth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>If thou attempt it, it will cost thee dear:</p>
         <p>Thou hast no weapon, and perforce must suffer.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Look in upon me then and speak with me,</p>
         <p>Or, naked as I am, I will assault thee.</p>
         <p class="stage">Re-enter GRATIANO.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>What is the matter?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Behold, I have a weapon;</p>
         <p>A better never did itself sustain</p>
         <p>Upon a soldier's thigh: I have seen the day</p>
         <p>That, with this little arm and this good sword,</p>
         <p>I have made my way through more impediments</p>
         <p>Than twenty times your stop: but, O vain boast!</p>
         <p>Who can control his fate? 'tis not so now.</p>
         <p>Be not afraid, though you do see me weaponed;</p>
         <p>Here is my journey's end, here is my butt,</p>
         <p>And very sea-mark of my utmost sail.</p>
         <p>Do you go back dismayed? 'tis a lost fear;</p>
         <p>Man but a rush against Othello's breast,</p>
         <p>And he retires. Where should Othello go?</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="67">Now, how dost thou look now? O ill-starred wench!</p>
         <p>Pale as thy smock! when we shall meet at compt,</p>
         <p>This look of thine will hurl my soul from heaven,</p>
         <p>And fiends will snatch at it. Cold, cold, my girl!</p>
         <p>Even like thy chastity. O cursed, cursed slave!</p>
         <p>Whip me, ye devils,</p>
         <p>From the possession of this heavenly sight!</p>
         <p>Blow me about in winds! roast me in sulphur!</p>
         <p>Wash me in steep-down gulfs of liquid fire!</p>
         <p>O Desdemon! Dead, Desdemon! dead! O! O!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="68">Where is this rash and most unfortunate man?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>That's he that was Othello: here I am.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="69">Where is that viper? bring the villain forth.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="71">A very long and drawn out way of calling Iago the devil I look down towards his feet;
            but that's a fable.</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="72">If that thou be'st a devil, I cannot kill thee.</p>
         <p class="stage">Wounds Iago.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Wrench his sword from him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>I bleed, sir; but not killed.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I am not sorry neither: I'ld have thee live;</p>
         <p>For, in my sense, 'tis happiness to die.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>O thou Othello, that was once so good,</p>
         <p>Fall'n in the practice of a damned slave</p>
         <p>What shall be said to thee?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Why, any thing:</p>
         <p>An honourable murderer, if you will;</p>
         <p>For nought I did in hate, but all in honour.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="72">This wretch hath part confessed his villainy:</p>
         <p>Did you and he consent in Cassio's death?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Ay.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Dear general, I never gave you cause.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I do believe it, and I ask your pardon.</p>
         <p>Will you, I pray, demand that demi-devil</p>
         <p>Why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Iago</h3>
         <p>Demand me nothing: what you know, you know:</p>
         <p>From this time forth I never will speak word.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>What, not to pray?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>Torments will ope your lips,</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Well, thou dost best.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Sir, you shall understand what hath befallen,</p>
         <p>Which, as I think, you know not. Here is a letter</p>
         <p>Found in the pocket of the slain Roderigo;</p>
         <p>And here another: the one of them imports</p>
         <p>The death of Cassio to be undertook</p>
         <p>By Roderigo.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="73">O villain!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>Most heathenish and most gross!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>Now here's another discontented paper,</p>
         <p>Found in his pocket too; and this, it seems,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="74">Roderigo meant to have sent this damned villain;</p>
         <p>But that belike Iago in the nick</p>
         <p>Came in and satisfied him.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="75">O thou pernicious caitiff!</p>
         <p>How came you, Cassio, by that handkerchief</p>
         <p>That was my wife's?</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>I found it in my chamber:</p>
         <p>And he himself confessed it but even now</p>
         <p>That there he dropped it for a special purpose</p>
         <p>Which wrought to his desire.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>O fool! fool! fool!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>There is besides in Roderigo's letter,</p>
         <p>How he upbraids Iago, that he made him</p>
         <p>Brave me upon the watch; whereon it came</p>
         <p>That I was cast: and even but now he spake,</p>
         <p>After long seeming dead, Iago hurt him,</p>
         <p>Iago set him on.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>You must forsake this room, and go with us:</p>
         <p>Your power and your command is taken off,</p>
         <p class="textInsult" id="76">And Cassio rules in Cyprus. For this slave,</p>
         <p>If there be any cunning cruelty</p>
         <p>That can torment him much and hold him long,</p>
         <p>It shall be his. You shall close prisoner rest,</p>
         <p>Till that the nature of your fault be known</p>
         <p>To the Venetian state. Come, bring away.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>Soft you; a word or two before you go.</p>
         <p>I have done the state some service, and they know't.</p>
         <p>No more of that. I pray you, in your letters,</p>
         <p>When you shall these unlucky deeds relate,</p>
         <p>Speak of me as I am; nothing extenuate,</p>
         <p>Nor set down aught in malice: then must you speak</p>
         <p>Of one that loved not wisely but too well;</p>
         <p>Of one not easily jealous, but being wrought</p>
         <p>Perplexed in the extreme; of one whose hand,</p>
         <p>Like the base Indian, threw a pearl away</p>
         <p>Richer than all his tribe; of one whose subdued eyes,</p>
         <p>Albeit unused to the melting mood,</p>
         <p>Drops tears as fast as the Arabian trees</p>
         <p>Their medicinable gum. Set you down this;</p>
         <p>And say besides, that in Aleppo once,</p>
         <p>Where a malignant and a turbaned Turk</p>
         <p>Beat a Venetian and traduced the state,</p>
         <p>I took by the throat the circumcised dog,</p>
         <p>And smote him, thus.</p>
         <p class="stage">Stabs himself.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p>O bloody period!</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Gratiano</h3>
         <p>All that is spoke is marred.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Othello</h3>
         <p>I kissed thee ere I killed thee: no way but this;</p>
         <p>Killing myself, to die upon a kiss.</p>
         <p class="stage">Falls on the bed, and dies.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Cassio</h3>
         <p>This did I fear, but thought he had no weapon;</p>
         <p>For he was great of heart.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="speech">
         <h3 class="speaker">Lodovico</h3>
         <p class="textInsult" id="77">O Spartan dog,</p>
         <p>More fell than anguish, hunger, or the sea!</p>
         <p>Look on the tragic loading of this bed;</p>
         <p>This is thy work: the object poisons sight;</p>
         <p>Let it be hid. Gratiano, keep the house,</p>
         <p>And seize upon the fortunes of the Moor,</p>
         <p>For they succeed on you. To you, lord governor,</p>
         <p>Remains the censure of this hellish villain;</p>
         <p>The time, the place, the torture: O, enforce it!</p>
         <p>Myself will straight aboard; and to the state</p>
         <p>This heavy act with heavy heart relate.</p>
         <p class="stage">Exeunt.</p>
      </div>
   </body>
</html>